Stage 6 Boss - Sereinae Matara :

Spell1 - Easy :
Star Sign "Beginning Light in the Back"

Stars in the urban corridor turning into light once they hit the walls, don't get confused by the dark stars and keep your position under the enemy as much as you can.

Spell1 - Normal :
Star Sign "Standard Light in the Back"

According to the difficulty icon, the stars change colors and more dark stars swarm the screen.

Spell1 - Hard :
Star Sign "Proud Light in the Back"

The spell name variations are based from Kingdom Hearts difficulty levels. A certain star fairy you know about is able to detect moving things, like these dark stars.

Spell1 - Lunatic :
Star Sign "Critical Light in the Back"

This spellcard is intentionally easier than Back Sign "Halo of the Absolute Secret God" as it is only the first spell. Gotta start things easy.

Spell2 - Easy/Normal :
Summer Remembrance "Taste the Sunlight, Nature"

Serein turns into a sun and surrounds you with the summer's influence over the nature at its apex. Be agressive, find the first gaps, even on your sides, and don't get cornered.

Spell2 - Hard/Lunatic :
Summer Remembrance "Sunshine of Abnormal Nature Madness"

Serein makes you remember the heat of the summer and how oppressive it can be. But don't let it make you surrender to death for that much and perhaps bring your air conditioner (aka release lol).
A sun fairy is able to refract sunlight. But the difference here is that Serein uses her own sunlight.

Spell3 - Easy/Normal :
Fall Remembrance "Life Force Harvester"

Serein crops the fall leaves underneath you, while pouring some life force seeds from above (the hearts), turning the leaves into lasers that you can cut through or go around.

Spell4 - Hard/Lunatic :
Fall Remembrance "Bumper Crop of Abnormal Life Radiance"

Serein increases the life force of the seeds at its apex. Making the leaves grow big and shine down at you. Don't let yourself get pushed off and prepare your C against that light!

Spell4 - Easy/Normal :
Winter Remembrance "Dark Silent Snow Flower"

Snow absorbs sounds, and with their dark color brings a mysterious vibe. The spellcard has been sped up compared to Hidden Winter "Black Snowman" due to the static and less dense nature of the spellcard, don't get cornered by the big snowballs.
Also, a moon-related fairy is able to mute sounds as well.

Spell4 - Hard/Lunatic :
Winter Remembrance "Shadow in the Abnormally Cold Flower"

The little snowball bullets get bigger from Normal and denser on Lunatic. The fact a shadow in the snow is mentionned may recall the yuki-onna concept, the ghost of a girl who died in the snow.
The blue fireballs are rather cold water, they don't get dark in order to bring colors to the pattern. They're always slower compared to the rest of the bullets.

Spell5 - Easy/Normal :
Spring Remembrance "Spring Evening Blossom Shower"

Remembering the spring scenery, Serein gets charmed by the cherry trees a little too much, starts acting like a ghost princess, goes from replicating her fan to making butterflies rise up from the dead aka the bottom.

Spell5 - Hard/Lunatic :
Spring Remembrance "Endless Evening Netherworld Butterflies"

Serein becomes really serious from this time onwards, hug the bottom, stay away from the falling petals and don't mind about the cherry curvy blizzard hell. Anticipate the butterflies's fall when the next bubble explosion happens.

Spell6 - Hard/Lunatic only :
Time Hindrance "Rewind of the Foreign Seasons"

The five seasons Okina knows about aren't the only ones... In other countries exist only two seasons, one with thunder storms and then another one with heat waves, both can be associated to summer from my point of view.
Serein notices she's starting to get overwhelmed, she can't end the fight by surrendering or Okina would get mad, she doesn't want to use the trick Okina told her to use, the only viable solution to her eyes might be to restart the fight from almost the start in order to recover...
...and let the fight continue. Will you let the loop of the seasons keep going or will you break it?

Final Spell - Spring Subseason :
Stolen Release "Breezy Cherry Blossom"

Against her will, she steals the season hidden behind her enemy's back. Knowing it's associated to a shrine maiden she somewhat knows, she starts dancing around everywhere while still acting a bit like that ghost princess. 
Making this whole chaos look like a flower view at night.
Fear not, this version is much less random than the original "Hidden Breezy Cherry Blossom" while still being somewhat tough.

Final Spell - Summer Subseason :
Stolen Release "Perfect Summer Ice"

Serein steals the summer season hidden in the enemy's door. Although it's associated to an ice fairy, she tries to mix ice attacks and summer-related patterns. The first phase is completely static, no way you can get walled can you?

Final Spell - Fall Subseason :
Stolen Release "Crazy Fall Wind\"

Serein steals the fall season hidden behind the enemy. It's associated to a tengu that Okina doesn't like. Knowing she gets high mobility with this season and she has been a pushover to the enemy thanks to it, she tones up the spellcard a lot from the original "Hidden Crazy Fall Wind".

Final Spell - Winter Subseason :
Stolen Release "Extreme Winter"

The magician thief gets stolen, huh, well that's a rather funny plot twist. With this hidden winter power, she corners the enemy with the ice lasers and swarms them with a barrage with muffled sounds due to the snow. 
Due to the lasers, this spellcard may be more tense than "Hidden Extreme Winter".

Extra (Phantasm) Stage Midbosses - Mai Teireida & Satono Nishida
Spell1 :
Drum Dance "Tremendous Cheers"

Mai makes yin-yang enemies fall down from above and dance from the bottom. Don't be intimidated and use your new sub-shots against their backs!

Spell2 :
Mad Dance "Lunatic Backup Dance"

Satono makes yin-yang enemies rise up from below and dance everywhere while swarming you. Don't insist on ending the spellcard by killing the enemy and focus on beating a group of yin-yangs before going back up!

Spell3 :
Bullet Dance "Twin Cyclones"

Mai and Satono swap positions and go back to their normal attacks, except much more synchronized and fierce. The key to win is to memorize the attack to the very end.

Extra (Phantasm) Stage Boss - Sereinae Matara
Spell1 :
Magic Link "Mirrored Dark Milky Way"

Serein starts by cornering you with star lanes from all sides, although it seems flashy and overwhelming like a certain magician, there must be an easy route behind the enemy.

Spell2 :
Celestial Link "The Doyou Stones Reaching the Heavens"

There is an earthquake, yin-yang enemies shoot at you from behind with earth-elemental attacks, and Serein shines like a celestial with scarlet-colored lasers. This earth-related technique must recall something from another game...

Spell3 :
Miracle Link "Thaumaturgy of the Native Gods"

Serein summons a pentagram that she spreads out, summoning afterwards pillars and the danmaku of a scourge god. The shapes of these attacks are about gods in a shrine on a mountain that are acquaintances to the tengus, Okina's enemies.

Spell4 :
Reverse Link "Mirage Bow of the Reversed Arrow Rain"

Serein rushes behind you and a rain of arrows rise up from under and some aim at you. Has this vicious way to attack been taught to her by Okina, or did she get the vibe of a reverse-minded youkai?

Spell5 :
Spirit Link "Fantasy Seal -Homing Amulet-"

The player turns back to face Serein. A sense of fair fight and justice comes into her mind and starts acting like a straightforward shrine-maiden. Be brave and don't hesitate to cut through the barrage of amulets.

Spell6 :
Illusion Link "Four Directions Remote Mesmerism (Origin Remote)"

She becomes herself again and transition to a more classic attack. Wanting her enemy to feel the confusion she's been through from the previous two spellcards, she makes bullets come from and go to four sides. Isn't that a moon rabbit's trick to blow the enemy's mind?

Spell7 :
Star Link "Shining Seven Sapphires"

Feeling like pulling a prank to her opponent and inspired from Okina's god of stars nature, she started trapping the opponent and shooting several lines of stars colored after three fairies. As this is a prank pulled by make-believe fairies, this should be easy to go around.

Spell8 :
Sun&Moon Link "Reckless Stars VS. Lunatic Danmaku"

Hearing explosions come from above, she starts hiding behind her enemy, perhaps to protect herself from the incoming kamikaze yin-yang enemies who recklessly fall to the bottom to reach Serein. Making her enemy get involved in a duel between age old two sworn enemies,
while Serein acts like a princess behind her knight in a shining armor. Knight who has, let's remember, the back-shots up her sleeves.
The falling yin-yang enemies have properties associated to each colors, one is aimed, another falls straight downards, and the third vaguely falls downwards.

Spell9 - Timeout :
Secret Trinity "Mirage Split of Mental and Life Forces"

Serein dives under the floor, shifts the reality, traps the enemy in chains she has to cut through while Mai and Satono attempt to cut their common enemy down. Survive as long as you can, and remember that the last wave is always the hardest.

Spell10 :
Secret Summon "Lingering Four Seasons"

Back to her one who brought her into existence, she summons the secret goddess Okina Matara. She starts by a summer ice breeze, adds four fall currents, a winter blizzard and at the end flower-shaped spring lanes, all of that included in a counter clockwise circle movement. 
Can you survive through the entire attack that consists of all of Okina's seasonal magic?

Spell11 - Final :
"The True Face of Everyone's Nobody"

As she forgot to talk about herself, she shoots her most basic patterns, adds more bullets from each yin-yang enemy, the bullets of the more subsequent phases become all red and dark and she ends up by enlightening the screen. 
A chaotic mashup of patterns that corresponds to how Serein is a mashup of the latent life force drawn from many people, how she's a husk that originates from them and how she has an identity crisis from that fact.
