Just so you get what's going on without relying on the ingame dialogue I have yet to make. Also, despite my decent english level, there can be some gramatical errors... Please don't be a grammar nazi. =<
Each incident takes place after the one corresponding to each game.

Th13 :
The protagonists, along with Youmu, learned Noname wasn't going well... At first they underestimated this, but it seemed it was way more serious.

Stage 1 :
The protagonists meet Noname at the Dark City. They asked him if he was alright, but he replied that if they were ready for this, they had to take him down. Which they did, Noname collapsed and this had the effect of making the protagonists fall asleep.

Stage 2 :
The protagonists woke up on a route near the Home that Never Was, they met Nonamé who tried to challenge them, to see if they're ready to face Noname's darkness. She told them he has a real life, and something bad happened, which caused darkness
and desire spirits to appear. She told Youmu her swords could be of good use, as well as Reimu's amulets.

Stage 3 :
At the Contorted City, the protagonists met Kogasa, she wanted to surprise people here, but she sensed some hurting feelings beyond this place, she challenged them to see if they were ready to face it.
Going further, they met a shadowy other, who telepathically told them that Noname was going to get extinguished, then it attacked the protagonists, and vanished once defeated.

Stage 4 :
A dark corridor appeared when the Guardian has been defeated, the protagonists went through it, and met Ansem, Seeker of Darkness, who is only a lingering foreshadow who wanted to possess Noname. He, and his Guardian fought seperately, and lost, told
them the real him will return, before vanishing.

Stage 5 :
The protagonists were transported to a place named Dive into the Heart : Surroundings, they meet Antinitas, and Antinitasé, who both wanted to torment Noname again so they might dominate him. They wanted the protagonists to fear their powers, and then they lost.

Stage 6 :
An access to the deepest part of the Dive into the Heart has appeared, the protagonists wanted to know what's going on in this place. A grownup version of Noname appeared, telling them the stainglass isn't there, meaning his heart maybe has been shattered, and the only way
to solve this problem was to destroy him, he pointed out Youmu's sword and Reimu's amulets and told her to use those against him. He fought using light techniques and the shattered pieces around him to attack, he then lost, but was expecting this...

The protagonists went back to reality, and Reimu figured out Noname was feeling better from her aura check. He thanked them and told them to come anytime they want, as always.

Ex Stage :
Transport to Remembrance, a place where something strange was going on : a Xemnas shadow has been seen, as well as the armor of a master. The protagonists did short work of the shadow, and wanted to know what this armor is. This Armor is the lingering will
of Master Eraqus, who wanted to give another challenge to the heroines, it has been defeated by the heroines, after using transformation illusions, and told them they passed.
