Just so you get what's going on without relying on the ingame dialogue I have yet to make. Also, despite my decent english level, there can be some gramatical errors... Please don't be a grammar nazi. =<
Each incident takes place after the one corresponding to each game.

Th12 :
The protagonists wanted to know more about this World that Never Was, so they went through the corridor. And they saw many miniature orbs looking like this world and wanted to know where it comes from.

Stage 1 :
As they go through the door near the Hakurei Shrine, but in its road filled with blinding light, they meet Nonamé, who told them they were planning to vanquish Xemnas for good, but this was too late for the heroines to interfere, as Noname was already going to beat him. The protagonists wanted to help in case they
fail, but Nonamé greeted them with some light danmaku, and fled.

Stage 2 :
They were following Nonamé through the skies, which are getting darker, and they meet Kogasa, who tried to surprise them by being in an unexpected place. After getting defeated, she told them she went to this place, guessing it's dark enough to scare people.

Stage 3 :
The protagonists arrived at the Castle That Never Was, where they meet Saïx, who told them there was no way for them to pass. The protagonists told him there's nothing to say, Saïx said to make this short and sweet, only to be defeated even through
the furies of his Claymore.

Stage 4 :
As the protagonists go through the Castle That Never Was, they meet a dark shadow who sent them some fairies to attack the protagonists. Then, they meet Mushroom VII, who told them that's the last chance for them to flee, because of the danger. The protagonists still wanted
to go through, and won against those sinking furies the Mushroom threw at them.

Stage 5 :
They found their way into the Nothingness Space, where they meet Nonamé again, who told them she's done what to do, and gathered enough Dream Portals to defeat Xemnas.
They found afterwards Noname, who told them they were about to win, but there was one thing left to do : not letting the protagonists get in their way as this threat is only their concern. He also mentionned those Dream Portals are the only way of getting rid of Xemnas's lingering spirit.
He has been vanquished after using strong light attacks. He then apologized for being mean, but as the protagonists had some fun (supposedly) in this fight, they let it slide. Noname asked why, and they answered fighting is a sign of friendship in their world.

Stage 6 :
Into the Realm of Nothingness, they met the dark shadow again, who then fled. They met Nonamé, again, who seems to have changed, and wanted to test the new ability she got after having defeated Xemnas. She apologized for being greedy this time, but a danmaku
battle can solve everything, and so they fought for a long time, Nonamé lost after having sealed the Nothingness around here, and made both her and the protagonists escape this place.

Ex Stage :
The protagonists went through the Door Road, where Xemnas hasn't been won exactly and is waiting for them. They meet Kogasa again, who wanted to attempt to surprise them in an unexpected place, only to lose.
Once they meet the dark shadow, it turned into Xemnas, who is just an Absent Silhouette, who wanted his revenge on the protagonists. He attacked them with the Dream Portals he gathered and possessed, thinking those are hearts, and lost after a tenacious fight. He told them then
this battle has just the simple purpose of exhausting the heroines again, but this time it didn't work.

