This is the prologue of the BraviOCOkina mod of touhou 17. 

...The Primate Garden Spirit, a forest in the middle of the Human Realm, inside that forest is taking place a clash between the animal spirits, in possession of a human, and the Haniwa idols, to claim the ownership of the human spirits…

Initial Stage 6 dialogue :

Sereinae : I didn’t think for one second that the inside of this island would look… so modern… So, little otter, do you know where our enemy is?
Otter Spirit : The Primate Garden was said to be the most beautiful garden in the Animal Realm… I've heard rumors, but its current state is deplorable.
??? : How rare to have a visitor… I thought there would be no one else left to face us, I was rather sad about it…
Otter Spirit : Found ya! God of destruction that defies the law of the beasts, Keiki Haniyasushin! The time where your ambitions crumble has come!
Keiki : You give off the fishy odor of one of the Kiketsu Family.
Otter : Uh, fishy...?
Keiki : But you look like a human… What manner of cowardly trick are you pulling?
Sereinae : That’s right, I’m a human, mostly! I’d like to know who you are, really.
Keiki : You don’t really look human, your skin looks so pale… So you, spirit, has chosen to possess a human. Why did you drag a foolish, ignorant human into this? One of the Kiketsu Family’s… otter spirits, right?
Otter : (She’s not afraid of humans? Lady Kicchou, this isn’t what you said would happen !)
Keiki : Heh heh heh… Human, don’t be fooled by this beast spirit.
Sereinae : Fooled?
Keiki : I’m the sculptor god who protects the human spirits from the beasts. There’s no need for fellow humans to fight each other don’t you agree?

??? : (Interesting…)
Sereinae : (Who’s talking to me? The otter?)
??? : (Oh, sorry, I was listening to the conversation, it seems you’ve been brought in a rather tense situation… It’s me, Okina Matara. I am using your head band as a tool to communicate with your mind.)
Otter : Don’t be fooled, human! She's nothing more than a wicked god who drains faith from the human spirits! She's an enemy of beasts, and of humans!
Okina : (This goddess is only wicked for you because she stole what belongs to you! Think about how she treats the humans, and if she treats them better than you all do!)
Otter : (Why am I hearing voices? Either way, stay out of our mind. I don’t know you and you don’t know a thing either!)
Keiki : Uh, are you… Alright, human? You look upset and confused…
Sereinae : There’s literally a dispute going on in my mind…
Okina : (I understand that what this goddess does is harmful to you. Though, I can’t afford to let my creation help you without her consent. You do not own her.)
Otter : (...Since when did this human have someone else than me in her mind…?) This is too bad, we’ve wasted too much time! She is unleashing her sculpting arts! Us beast spirits were once defeated by them! Make a temporary retreat, run, now! *Sereinae starts flying away*
Keiki :  You built up this whole plan, and now you flee in the face of the enemy...! Truly the height of idiocy!
Okina : (Oh no, she’s not going anywhere for you. You’ve done a fantastic job at helping my creation, but you’re done possessing her… Mental energy manipulation is part of my abilities, you know. I can indefinitely pour mental energy on her so that you can’t take her over!)
*Satono goes out of Sereinae’s butterfly door on her back*
Satono : Leave it to me, master… *she dances behind Sereinae*
Sereinae : (...I remember what that chicken goddess told me earlier… And with what her and that Idol Goddess said, I know what to do now!)
Okina: (I’ll leave the choice of who you’re going to fight to you...)
Keiki : You’re even going three against one? You otter spirits have no sense of fair combat.
Otter : GAAAAAH! *The spirit got forcibly extracted out of Sereinae’s mind*
Keiki : ???
Satono : Thank me later!~ *she goes back in*
Okina : (And me too!)

Sereinae : …
Keiki : I couldn’t tell what kind of dispute was going on in your mind. But now I see that this spirit took over your mind… Forcing you to believe them… And somehow that girl that was dancing behind you could make you force that spirit out of you. I understand now.
Sereinae : I’m… not going to fight that goddess, not for you beasts anyways!! *she throws the otter spirit that was possessing her away*
Keiki : This human came back to her senses…



Sereinae : I’m sorry for everything that has happened until now. I’ve never introduced myself properly. My name is Sereinae.
Keiki : There’s no need to apologize, you’ve been possessed after all, so you weren’t even yourself to begin with. My name is, as that otter spirit mentioned, Keiki Haniyasushin. A goddess crafting clay-made idols and many other objects related to this the Primate Spirit Garden.
Sereinae : An idol… Like the ones that I’ve seen dancing on a stage?
Keiki : Uh, not really… I don’t remember making my idols dance once…
Okina : I could make them dance you know! *like the otter spirit once was, Okina is speaking through Sereinae’s body*
Keiki : Are you possessed again?! *she prepares her sculpting tools again*
Sereinae : Nah, it’s actually the one who helped me get rid of that otter spirit who has been talking. Seriously talking though… Since they caused an incident in the surface world, and that I didn’t do their bidding, not only does it mean the incident is still going on, it also means that… I’m not coming alone...? Sorry, but I have to check what’s going on in the city!
Keiki : The city? What is going on there?

Stage 5 :
*Sereinae waits, sitting on the rooftop of a building of the Human Realm*
Sereinae : (This place feels like home… Nothing much has been going on back there. But at least it’s calm and I could look at the night sky, unlike here.)
*Reimu is seen flying through the city*
.... She’s their backup plan. I gotta stop them. Bring Reimu back to reason!

Stage 5 Midboss and boss fights of the OCOkina mod take place.

*Sereinae, defeated, flies back to the Primate Spirit Garden*
Sereinae : (Ugh, the spirits did make her get stronger than she already is… Going all out isn’t even enough to defeat her once. I’m at least glad that this trickery of manipulating the beast spirits and then forcing them out of my mind worked.)

Stage 6 Midboss fight takes place.

Sereinae : I’m… Out of strength, again… ...Wait, are you...? That Haniwa I faced earlier?
*she sees next to her Mayumi lying on the ground*
Mayumi : You’re… Not possessed anymore? I saw an otter spirit flying through the hallway, but then I saw you flying back too. Did anything happen?
Sereinae : Yeah… I can’t believe those spirits got me dancing on their palm… If it wasn’t for her help (Okina), I would be fighting Keiki for no good reason at all and siding with the bad guys. They were like “Beat this guy here for us and we’ll stop our invasion” as I’d like to put it. And I couldn’t even prevent Reimu from making the same mistake again. ...Speaking of which…
*she sees Reimu flying away through the hallway, while Keiki is going after her*
Sereinae : ...I have to… go after them…
Mayumi : Stay down, you look hurt!
Sereinae : Yeah but… I can’t let the beast spirits win. Even if they’re taking Reimu hostage. They’re the true incident culprits, the ones who started this on Gensokyo!
Okina : (I see you’re bold enough to go fight again even while worn down to nothing… I like your resolve. I will then give you some life energy for you to hold on for just one spell card. If you lose, then you’ll have to admit defeat for good. No other chance given.)
Sereinae : (Understood.)
Mai : Welp, you sure look out of shape. Good luck! *she says as she starts dancing behind Sereinae who then stands back up*
Sereinae : I’ll do this in your name, Haniwa ! And in the name of all idols !
Mayumi : Thank you… 

*Several seconds later*
Mayumi : Though I’m quite worried… Can that live human still have a chance? Maybe I should go ahead of her before it’s too late… Before she notices...

Stage 6, back at the Human Realm :

Sereinae : (I hope I can make it in time. ... Wait, is Reimu getting help from a bunch of spirits? This isn’t even a fair battle! I can’t let them outnumber Keiki like that, neither can I let them take control of her!)