Stage 5 Midboss - Sereinae:

Spell - Easy/Normal :
Paper Sign "Dance Scattering Pages"

Sereinae mimics a dance that gets wilder with time. The requirement is a precise-timing killing.

Spell - Hard/Lunatic :
Paper Sign "Wild Dance Scattering Pages"

The timing for the killing now is more precise than usual.

Stage 5 Boss - Sereinae:

Spell 1 - Easy/Normal :
Reprisal "Payback Berserk Roar"

Sereinae uses the powers of the three beasts, one at a time. If you trigger a Berserk Roar yourself though...

Spell 1 - Hard/Lunatic :
Reprisal "Resentful Berserk Roar"

Now, the attack is more fierce as the lanes are longer. Make sure to never get trapped by the otter's green orbs.

Spell 2 - Easy/Normal :
Secret Support "Possession-Repelling Mentality"

Satono got summoned by Okina to support Sereinae so that she gets loose of the beasts's possession once again. The energy pouring out of Sereinae's back now swarms you as they both attack in unison.

Spell 2 - Hard/Lunatic :
Secret Support "Mental Force Expelling the Beasts"

The curvy amulets come from Satono, and they have the same speed and density no matter the difficulty. Beware of any small wall that show in your way!

Spell 3 - Easy/Normal :
Haniwa "Support of the Idol God"

Two Haniwa come in and offer help from Keiki. They're intangible and they each summon two horse Haniwa each to assault you.

Spell 3 - Hard/Lunatic :
Haniwa "Reinforcements of the Idol God"

The arrow lines are now denser. Make sure to focus on killing the horse Haniwa that are getting close to you.

Spell 4 - Easy/Normal :
Idol Link "Performance of the Bookworm Idol"

Sereinae tries to play the singer as her opponent is gazing at her lowly performance. The long lasers acting as spotlights, and restricting your movement. Luck shall be one of your strongest weapons, along with sheer skill!

Spell 4 - Hard/Lunatic :
Idol Link "Unafraid Bookworm Idol Performance"

The glowing orb rings now clutter less but their gaps are tighter. Only your courage will let you loose from the laser cage you're now stuck in!

Spell 5 - Easy/Normal/Hard/Lunatic :
Idol Link "Eternally Bright Blue"

Sereinae tries doing yet again another Idol-ish performance, showing the brilliance of the stars. Do not get pushed to the sides and look for opportunities to stay at horizontal range as much as possible.

Stage 6 Midboss - Sereinae:

Spell - All difficulties :
"Intertwined Paths of Humans and Objects"

The meeting of a human creation by spiritual energy, and soul-containing crafted objects. For their meeting to be complete, one should join the other's side.

Stage 6 Boss - Keiki Haniyasushin:
(listed here are only altered spellcards)

Spell 3 - Easy/Normal :
Linear Shape "Line-shaped Sculpting Art"
Spell 3 - Hard/Lunatic :
Linear Shape "Linear Creature"

This altered version of the spellcard has Keiki fire pentagons instead of squares.

Spell 4 - Easy/Normal :
Haniwa Revival "Corporal and Horse Rider Idol Sculpting Art"
Spell 4 - Hard/Lunatic :
Haniwa Revival "Corporal Idol Creatures"

Mayumi got repaired and revived by Keiki, teaming up against one common opponent. 
The patterns from the base spell card have been toned down to make Mayumi's attacks balance the spellcard.

Spell 6 - Easy/Normal/Hard/Lunatic :
"Geometric Hexagon Creature"

This altered version of the spellcard has Keiki fire hexagons. The gaps are somewhat tight and need to be dodged by slight left and right movements.

Final Spell - Easy/Normal/Hard/Lunatic :
"The Idol Goddess and the Shadow of an Idol"

Looking at how the protagonist is getting the upper hand by getting outnumbered by beast spirits. Sereinae offers her help to make the fight even. Keiki now combines different shapes into one spellcard, while Sereinae combines symetrical patterns with reflecting bullets. 
The phases succeed for only one boss if you deplete enough health for that concerned boss. Killing one of the two enemies ends the spellcard.