Just so you get what's going on without relying on the ingame dialogue I have yet to make. Also, despite my decent english level, there can be some gramatical errors... Please don't be a grammar nazi. =<
Each incident takes place after the one corresponding to each game.

Th08:
The protagonists saw a hooded figure hanging around in Gensokyo, they asked him what he was doing here and that he should get out. He invited them to go to their castle to make his original be known in Gensokyo.
Reimu wasn't interested, but then Yukari was. Marisa, wanted to find something to do and she found it, and Alice agreed. Remilia and Yuyuko think it would be intresting meeting this "original", and Sakuya and Youmu followed.

Stage 1 :
As the protagonists went through the door the hooded boy went through, they ended up in the same underground path, and they met Mushroom XIII, who explained them about their powers to imitate danmaku using cards with the imitated person's picture on it, then it attacked, only to lose.

Stage 2 :
They found at the end of the path an exit leading to a rather dark cloudy path, they kept going and they met the Anti Black Coat again, who suddenly wanted to give them a taste of the blind ability. They said "No thanks" but he attacked anyways, and lost.

Stage 3 :
They suddenly dove into the dark city, where the buildings seem to be down, as they go on, they meet the hooded figure again, who stopped them, telling his mission was this time to stop the protagonists if they're too weak, but he has been bitchslapped, danmaku
version this time, and apologized, but tell them to beware of some white haired boy or girl...

Stage 4 :
One of the two teams fell in the Cavern of Remembrance and met either Antinitas or Antinitasé, whose role was to torment their other selves, being that "original". They both said those two would be frustrated if they didn't meet the protagonists, and then attacked with all their might of the imitation,
only to lose and let the protagonists go on.

Stage 5 : 
The protagonists are now going through the real Dark City, they met a Mushroom X, who at the end told that original that the protagonists was arriving. That original is Noname, who apologized for what happened at the
previous incident and that he had no idea what he was doing. The protagonists didn't mind, but then told him they want to know what powers he can imitate, and he answered by a battle using illusions. After having lost, he lost his hood and tried to lure them to an illusionary corridor in the castle.

Stage 6A :
As the protagonists go through a corridor in the castle, they meet Noname again, telling them he's accomplishing his mission. What was his mission ? To make sure he can be known to Gensokyo without being seen as a threat or a gappy to which people make fun of. 
To be sure that Noname is a good guy ! The protagonists ask about what's a gappy. He told them to ignore it. Thus, the protagonists brought him back to reality by saying he's a pathetic kid who wanted some attention and wants to shine by stealing abilities.
As this filled Noname with frustration, he told them to remember what that Mushroom said, in this world, the only way any dweller can attack is by using cards imitating powers, and then engaged a fight where he can never lose if he imitates a genius's techniques.
He fought the protagonists in each place of the castle where the organisation members of that castle met their end.
Except that he did lose. As he layed down, he then weakly said "You'll never sway me from the one cause that pushes me to keep on fighting : I Want To Go To Gensokyo !", got up and then brought a spellcard that works like an emergency red card for the target.

Once the battle ended, the protagonists forcibly went back to their home, they wanted to find how this door near the shrine would still appear now.

Stage 6B :
Noname tried to lure the protagonists, but they suddenly went the other direction, where the corridor is real. Noname told them they weren't supposed to go that way, but got defeated.
That other corridor was leading to the Station of Remembrance. There, Nonamé, introduced herself as a friend of Noname (who is not related by blood, totally not :3), she told them what he wants and this world is : it's a representation
of Noname's spirit and thoughts, an exact copy of The World That Never Was, who can easily be mixed with the original world. As this world is an illusion, it's as real as Gensokyo is, and thus can be linked to it and ignore the Hakurei Border without damaging it.
This world is rather safe and is good for practice, except when some threats are involved because as long as there will be incidents in Gensokyo, there will be incidents here too. What was Nonamé doing here ? Making sure the corridor is stable and allows the
access to Gensokyo. The protagonists didn't want this place to have an influence on Gensokyo, and fought Nonamé, asking why and saying that it's not like Gensokyo wasn't a sort of refuge for people who get rejected. Thus after saying such words, she made
them face her light, only to lose, and tell them that her what her powers can do by trying to make time move on five times, and then she told them they'll meet again.

Ex Stage :
What practice was this girl talking about ? They said it would be worth taking a look. It often takes place at the Cavern of Remembrance. In which they made Xenamon, who's mad at the protagonists for having refused them. As they defeated him, they meet Noname,
who removed his coat, and told them he didn't introduce to them properly, he just simply said he wanted to make some friends. And the protagonists understood that. As Noname assumed the proper greeting would work that way, he wanted an immortally blazing fight "We're not
in Gensokyo, but there still is no common sense!". After getting defeated feeling what an immortal's life feels like, he said that sucks, and a frenchfag like him wouldn't live like that anyways. After he said that, the protagonists were surprised to see he could speak their language
and that Gensokyo was known in France. Marisa knows someone who's also french, as well as Remilia's sister. (guess who) Noname didn't catch that, and told in a cringy way that he's french, but that he won't talk any further about that, told them they can come anytime they want and fled.

