Human Whose Past is Left Forgotten :
Sereinae / セレイナエ


General Information :

Main article about what her character is originally.
The kanji of her japanese name got turned into katakana to remove any hint of her past.
The removal of the square patterns on her skirt is done for the same reason.
Age / Size : About 22 (physically, but was created a few years ago) / 162cm
Species : Human, very mostly.
Gender : Female
Eyesight : Pretty bad
Physical abilities : Can stand, walk, or run, but can’t float/fly without external help.

Ability :

Turning a poetic phrase into a source of power.

This ability comes from her pocket book that she carries with her. Within a spell card duel, she can take inspiration from a phrase to create a danmaku pattern. After all, what is most important isn’t power, but putting on a good show. It can become a source of sheer power only if she really wishes for it.

Story :

The following story is canon to Sereinae’s overall story.

Her training at being a douji servant for Okina Matara led her nowhere, making her not fit for the job. She then became a mere villager who forgot about that god, her colleagues, and the people from which she got created, the people she met in general. She still retains her usual personality, the same respect and familiarity she holds towards the same people, as well as the character traits she has from them. But since she forgot about her past, she therefore forgot about the reasons why she behaves that way. Any new information about these people that are acquired through dreams are forgotten when she is awake and just by the thought of them. 
Although, sometimes, she can remember the names, and to her, it’s as if they suddenly popped into her head with nothing else.
If she was to meet Okina and her two servants again, they would pretend they don’t remember her, in order to not bring any confusion. Still, those two underlings will always treat her as a friend, a long forgotten friend who’s gone for far too long.

About her daily life : once she earned enough money after working as, mostly an assistant in libraries, she decided to make her house, which is located at the edge of the village near the bamboo forest, a Inn for, as an example, people that are lost in the forest and eventually find their way out. It is accessible to both humans and youkai, and she keeps an eye on the latter to make it so that they don’t attack the humans during night.
She didn’t forget how to do the menial tasks she once did after all, so she can do all the work alone and it’s a relatively peaceful Inn. 
Sometimes, canon characters may come by, and she greets them with a warm welcome, and mostly the thirteen people she got made from.

She plans one day to make a whole new library in it once she buys enough books and the furniture.
She dislikes rude and aggressive behaviors, when people act without making sense to her eyes.

She called the Inn the Serene Inn (静かな旅館 Shizukana ryokan).

If there’s anyone who seeks to visit Eientei for whatever reason, she will always seek to contact Mokou so that she guides them to that location, making those two acquaintances. 
Although Mokou sometimes mistakes her for Kaguya when they meet… That’s almost a running gag at this point.

Spoilers for the events of the Touhou 18 mod Sereinae appears in. The following event is not canon to her story. :

She goes along well with Chimata, and is thankful that she allowed her to fight the protagonists in that god’s stead. 
Sereinae wonders if selling her food under a rainbow is an act of worship, and if it is, this would make it an act of gratitude as well. 
Chimata didn’t mind since the market was already over right before the start of the final stage and saw there was an important matter going on, the matter being about Sereinae’s lost memories.
She came back before the end of the fight as a sort of support against the protagonists once she saw Sereinae was in a bad posture. The other reason why she came and fought was also because the protagonists were a threat to the marketplace.