Just so you get what's going on without relying on the ingame dialogue I have yet to make. Also, despite my decent english level, there can be some gramatical errors... Please don't be a grammar nazi. =<
Each incident takes place after the one corresponding to each game.

Th06.

The heroine sensed a dark presence in Gensokyo, she wonder where's the source. She suddenly found a door near the Hakurei Shrine.
Stage 1 :
This corridor leads to some other dimension, she meet and fight a Mushroom XIII, She noticed how its danmaku is the same as Rumia. This Mushroom tells her that everyone in this place has no way to create its own danmaku and has to rely on imitating the people from
Gensokyo's danmaku using a card with a picture of the imitated person. On Marisa's side, she surely wanted to eat that mushroom, but she doesn't find it edible...

Stage 2 :
That underground way leads to a sea where she meet and fight Demyx. After being bothered by the heroines, he went to fight them, and as a reward for winning, lead them to the skies.

Stage 3 :
In those stormy clouds she meet a Nightmare, the Anti Black Coat Nightmare, and told her via some distorted voice there's no way for her to pass. The heroine still insist on finding where to go, and the Nightmare brutally fights her just like some chinese gatekeeper.

Stage 4 :
Suddenly, out of nowhere, she found some entrance to a cavern, the Cavern of Remembrance, where she fought a lot of books, fell on a Mushroom VI and on a mysterious hooded boy. He didn't want anyone to discover his true identity, introduces himself as Noname,
and used a card found from his book to fight with elemental magic, and has been defeated by the heroine, who then saw a dark city with a castle on it and flew to it.

Stage 5 :
As she directly go through the castle, she meet a young boy with white hair, whose abilities to manipulate time reminds her of a certain maid. He introduced himself as the Xehanort from the most distant past, and was given a task to assist Ansem, Seeker of Darkness
as he plans on making Gensokyo sink into darkness, but then he told her that's none of their business, although it is, as the shrine maiden defeated that boy... Then, Young Xehanort made the protagonists fall into a dark pit which forcibly lured them.

Stage 6 :
Young Xehanort planned that, and as the one behind this is the one who will make them succumb to the Darkness. 
The one the heroine met was Ansem, Seeker of Darkness, who told her he want to make Gensokyo fall into darkness, as he thinks Gensokyo is a world there must be some way of making it lose its heart, and taunt the Gap Youkai by the same way.
He tells her that all worlds begin in darkness and all so end, the heart is no different. Darkness sprouts within it, consumes it, such is its nature. But, as the heroine don't care about his speech, she immediatly want to finish him. As this angered Ansem, he
engaged her into some dark scarlet battle...

EX Stage :
The gate near the Hakurei Shrine became noisy, and as Reimu didn't want to be annoyed by such, she went in it, found her way into the Cavern of Remembrance looking not exactly the same, fought Noname again, who wanted to test her, and woke an armor of Darkness up, which made screech noises as a way to speak,
tell her these Ansem and Young Xehanort were brought here through time and went as his own time, and that this armor is responisble for this. As the heroine wants to get rid of that incident for good, she engaged a battle against this armor called No Heart. After it lost, he just vanished telling
its mission is complete.
