Human of the Dream City 

Sereinae Létoile (セレナエ・レトアル)

For short : Serei (セレ)

Age : 20 (meeting Jolty) / 21-23 (arcs related to Gensokyo) / Over 24
Size :163cm
Species : Human (figment)
Gender : Female
Eyesight : Decent. Needs glasses to rest her eyes at times.
Basic personality : Has a big heart, is caring, careful, and sometimes a joker and a tomboyish girl.
Personality once with Jolty: Became very curious, and persevering.
Hobbies : Cosplaying, gaming, selling clothes, learning psychology and science (thanks to Sanae), and tourism.

Name origin : Serene in french but with an additional "a". Her last name, Létoile, meaning “the star” in french, is the name she had since birth, and represents her as a symbol of hope for both her and Jolty, no matter the circumstances.

Character design :
Has very long and straight dark brown hair, which reach her hips when young, and her knees when adult, azure-blue eyes, and pale white skincolor. She's often seen wearing glasses.
The bangs of her hair are nearly blunt, and the middle bang is swept to the left. Her sidelocks reach her chest, and are partly cut, at the level of around her eyes, and her neck.

When young, she wore a white and blue sweater, pants and white socks. She's also seen wearing an off-white shirt with a long red skirt.

She initially wore an jacket hoodie which she wears opened with the torso part being dark blue, and the sleeves black, with yellow pocket zippers, and a yellow four-spiked star pins, pinned on the right side of her jacket, near her chest, an off-white sweater, 
and a long red skirt with white diamond-shaped patterns around its bottom. The black and dark blue parts are separated by a dark red diagonal line, going from the armpits to the neck. The outside of her hood is black and the inside is white.
There is a black line going from chest-height to around the neck, and the inside of the line is white-colored. She's usually seen wearing glasses, but doesn't always need them.
The ends of the sleeves have the same diamond-shaped patterns. She wears knee-high white boots, with black knee-high socks. She also wears an off-white headband, which, when she met Jolty, has a pins shaped after him pinned on its right side.

During and after the Replica Arc, she wears a version of the outfit which has blue sleeves, with pink pockets, and a blue star pins. The sweater now has a red bottom outline, the same red as the skirt's.
The skirt has a white bottom outline, and seven white diamond patterns scattered around the right side of her skirt.
The lines which separate the colors of the sleeves and torso are now colored magenta. A grey Jolty-shaped icon is printed on the front of her hood. She cut her hair for them to form a V shape from the hips to the knees.

In both outfits, she can replace her skirt with black pants and white shoes. Those black pants have two red lines around the thighs and calves.

In Gensokyo, after some time, she started wearing a short black and blue kimono, over her usual red skirt and white boots.
During and after the Replica Arc, she wears an off-white kimono with the inner side colored pale blue. May be a reference to a certain pacific mushroom from another universe.

Nameless and Sparkling Spirit

Jolty (ジョルティ)

Age : 23 (meeting Sereinae) / 24-26 (arcs related to Gensokyo) / Over 27 
Size : Spirit form : A human head ; Human form : 180cm
Species : Heart/Soul of a live human (proclaimed God by The Other Jolty).
Gender : Male
Basic personality : Bashful, goofy, caring (sometimes too much so), and stubborn.
Personality once with Sereinae : Became more social, driven, and less desperate.
Hobbies : Creativity (most of the time related to the Dream City), gaming, and tourism.

Name origin : Given by Sereinae, the name is associated to both lightning and, indirectly his brutal battle style while in a human body, which is opposite to Sereinae's swift battle style. 

Character design : 
It's just a black orb with white glowy eyes and a grey aura around it.

Once he acquired a human form, he wears a black hoodie, with interconnected pocket zippers. He has a copy of Sereinae's light-blue pins on the left side, near the armpits. There is a red line connecting the armpits to the neck.
The ends of his sleeves have grey and lightblue diagonal gradient. The same applies for the bottom end of his pants. His pants also have horizontal light grey lines around the thighs and calves.

When his hood is up, his white glowy eyes can be seen. Due to him being camera-shy, he is rarely seen without his hood up.
When his hood is down, he can be seen having short black hair with a few spikes, short beard behind the cheeks and under the chin, black eyes with a slight grey glow, and a fair dark skin color. 
He's sometimes seen wearing a beanie similar to Brendan's: a beanie with a spiky white top part and a black bottom part. 
The black part of the beanie has two white spots on the front, resembling the glowy white eyes Jolty's orb form has.

Common title of both: Swift like Wind, Powerful like Thunder

Abilities of Sereinae:

- Can sense other people's emotions and feelings.

- Good homemaker and skilled at making clothes.

Abilities of Jolty:

- Creating anything with his imagination.

- Generating electricity.

Abilities of Jolty's Spirit Form:

- Has possession-related abilities:

  - Restricting the host's body, or warding other spirits away from the host.
  
  - Granting the host the ability to use lightning-related attacks and to float.
	- Sereinae additionally gains agility, avoidance, and swiftness, at the expense of her stamina.

Abilities of Jolty's Human Form:

- Use of lightning-related attacks for heavy or powerful strikes. 

- Granting possession-related abilities to a lesser extent to someone else.

Backstory and general information:

Lives in a dark city with a beautiful starry sky, which is unrealistic for one. This city sees the light of the day once every two days. Although it is influenced by the outside world, it isn't quite that.
Therefore those unnatural and unrealistic sides of the city gave it its name as the Dream City, although this name has another deeper meaning...

During her childhood, her ability prevented her from being a bully or a cruel person, as she would feel the sadness or anger of those she would target. 
She then used to avoid meeting sad people as it would make her sad as well, and wanted to meet happy people instead.
She wished to snap out of it because she felt compassionate. She believed that if she made them happy, they would make her happy in return. It was a reason for her to become a therapist, but her parents were too scared for her.
Facing people's negative emotions can weigh on her emotions because of her ability, but she is convinced that if she can help them fix their problems with this job, it won't be so bad after all. This ability is a double-edged sword.
She now studies to become a therapist and have the best use of her main ability, therefore she got the idea to use her cosplaying hobby as a way to relate to other people more, by more or less literally getting in their shoes.
She has done some theater during her school days as well, helping her with that. Her main studies help her understanding the human psychology better.

Her parents didn't really allow her to live the lifestyle she wanted and were scared about what she planned for her future. Serei wanted to learn how to live independently, so she moved away once she came of age. 
She however agreed with them that she shouldn't stay with someone unless she knows they care about each other a lot. She doesn't care about short-lasting relationships at all.
During her teenager life, she had more like a peachy personality, becoming friends with her classmates, well with the exception of those who judged her physical appearance, calling her chubby.
She never developed or engaged in any love relationship during that time. she didn't know how to properly approach someone who would eventually have feelings for her, or the other way around.

After parting ways with her friends after graduating from high school, she lived a solitary life, stayed in the city, and learned how to live independently as she wanted. 
She still studied and worked part-time, yet prefers focusing on her hobbies when she can, to relieve the pressure.
There are times where she wishes to go to other worlds to see more people outside her own. She has a curiosity about whatever's going on around her and beyond, so for now she travels around the city when not at home.
Her other hobbies include making new clothes, having a fashion sense due to the variety of clothes she makes and wears, either for cosplay or for sale. She made clothes based on her simplistic style, but tends to vary a bit.
She sometimes has difficulties with making very complex-looking clothes, them being either extravagant ones, ones with frills, or ones with very complex patterns, so she unfortunately can't please everyone.

She also happens to like reading at times, and had once thought about the job as an idol, but realized the job takes too much of her liberties, taking hold of even her private life, 
Besides if she wanted to, she wouldn't be able to, she doesn't have the beauty standards, according to the producers, to become one, with her not being slim enough to their liking.
She resigned to that idea, but still admires the idols' work. She thought that there's maybe another way made just for her to put a smile on people's faces.

Each time she ran errands, she stumbled multiple times upon a atypical being in the shape of an orb, with two white eyes.
Each time she did, she felt loneliness from this being. She turned a blind eye to it for some time, but ended up not to, her ability made it too difficult.
She saw it wandering aimlessly, and one day wanted to help him and was curious at the same time about it. If this was a time to practice with therapy with someone, it was right now.
She used that opportunity to learn how to control her ability and avoid getting overtaken by negative emotions. 
It has the ability to speak and one time Sereinae was surprised how it could sip a cup of tea without any hands or mouth. It complained about how people find it creepy and no one wanted him around.

Sereinae remembered about her current solitary life once she started moving out of home. On the long run, this kind of life has started affecting her negatively too, so she is able to sympathize with it.
Their loneliness is what brought those two people together. Sereinae then initially thought of it as nothing more than a pet, given how cute she finds it. 
She sensed its worries nearly vanishing as soon as it was on her side, so things are working out in the end. 
In return, Sereinae has learned how to be less worried with it around in return, feeling reassured near him.

After seeing each other several times, and getting things off their chests, they decided to stay together, because they had an emotional connection.

In exchange of allowing it to stay, she got thunder-based abilities from it. She jokingly said this would help with the electricity bill, and... she wasn't that wrong about it, honestly.
They got even closer to each other with time passing by, and Sereinae's ability made understanding him easier, while she gives him daily meals that he likes, and later they became sidekicks.
The orb introduced itself as the Spirit, a male one, he said this name would define him the easiest, but Sereinae didn't agree and found the name too generic. She decided to call him "Jolty" from now on. 
He guessed it corresponds to its ability and how shaky it sounds.

The reason Jolty had become bodiless soul wasn't clear. It was assumed it was a human before. When asked about it, he would rather feign ignorance or carelessness, for.
When Sereinae asked, she sensed that he wasn't comfortable with talking about it, so she decided not to force things. 
 
During their daily life, she takes care of Jolty like in a sort of family. She made and wears a hair clip shaped after him as a special token of appreciation, and guessed it'd be nearly insulting to treat him like a mere pet.
With Jolty's influence, Sereinae grew a slightly nerd-ish side too, gathering more or less useful info about anything they want. With time they both take interest in each others hobbies, and started to visit worlds outside their own to expand their horizons.
She wanted to become knowledgeable like he is, making her a jack of all trades, sort of. 
When she saw he is truly a human, she remembered about her vow not to form relationships during her teenage years, but since she knows they take care of each other, she can make this time an exception.
At one time she stopped treating him like a pet as a consequence. 

During their time in Gensokyo, Sereinae asks Mokou for guidance through the Bamboo Forest in case she needs to go to Eientei for medical matters. Mokou, at first, mistook her for her enemy Kaguya, but not any longer.
Later on she started to make and wear a new outfit for each time she goes to Gensokyo, trying to blend in with the human society of Gensokyo. However, they never want to take a drink, alcohol isn't their thing at all.

Due to their adventurous and curious side, they also search info about whatever events or incidents that already took place, much to the people's fears that they might find too much out, 
but for them, it's like more like reading a story book while being less ignorant about whatever is or has been going on. But in truth, it had her grow the soul of a historian.

With all she has learned about Gensokyo's society, she avoids wanting to become the therapist of Gensokyo. If she helped her patients become more rational, knowledgeable, and how to deal with their fear,
she would in the end cause the decline of the youkai population, due to having less villagers fear them, thus a big incident. She made that a promise to the incident solvers that she would only help those in her world.
Jolty and Sereinae also vowed to make it so that they're the only ones able to traverse worlds from their own to other worlds, including Gensokyo. Jolty isn't sure that he can trust the other dwellers of his world to not make mistakes.

She proved that with knowledge comes wise decision making for the greater good, instead of a mean to an end for one's benefit. Still, she mentioned how cruel it is to leave people in ignorance like this.
Jolty interprets this as how the food chain works, only this time, humans have something above them, which ironically, comes from them. Unlucky for them, they're born in a ranch from which they cannot escape.
Gensokyo is somewhat like a place that is stuck in the past, to him.

She related to how people from the outside world get accustomed to Gensokyo's life style, such as the Moriya Shrine, and actually admires them for such feat.
She frequently asked them for advice, and visited the shrine. ...by climbing the Youkai Mountain instead of taking the ropeway, thinking it'd be good for her health.
Jolty likes it when she cosplays as Sanae, so, Sereinae frequently wears her cosplay of her when at home, him associating the green, blue and white colors with serenity.

Sereinae sometimes wonders if this clothing holds more value than her own person to him. But Jolty replies that if it did, then he'd stay with Sanae, and that her clothing adds to Serei's appearance and person, rather than replaces those.
Sereinae doesn't want her cosplays to seriously change who she is: she still holds on to her person and changing it is not the purpose of her cosplay. In the cases where she changes her personality, then it's just some non-serious roleplay.

Jolty learned that the gods at the Moriya Shrine were planning to become gods related to technology, then bragged to Sereinae about the fact their city is technologically more advanced and more modern than whatever he saw in Gensokyo, 
but he still highly respects their projects related to such thing and guessed he could learn a few more things from them. 
Morally speaking, he wishes to view shinto gods as something similar to heroes, with them saving or helping people and getting praised for it. To him, that's one way to earn people's respect and faith, 
rather than to manipulate villagers into believing one normal aspect of their lives is something mystic. This latter case of faith is something he believes to be artificial.

Sereinae, on the other hand, got to talk with Kanako and noticed that she is different and more caring than Okina was, and supposed the gods aren't all the same.
She became friends with Sanae due to their shared interests and common knowledge from the world outside, although she noticed that Sanae is behind the times, after all it has been ages since Sanae left her homeworld, the Outside World,
but she didn't mind it as it made Serei and Jolty nostalgic. She jokingly said her meeting with Jolty might have been the fruit of a miracle, even though Sanae isn't sure if she did anything about it. 

They eventually met Sumireko at some point near the Hakurei Shrine, Sereinae and Jolty both noticed there was something off about that human, and got to know she's a doppelganger and the real Sumireko is in the Outside World,
they got along rather well, and unlike Sanae, Sumireko wasn't behind the times at all, and they noticed how much things have changed from back then to now in that world. 
They learned from those two girls a few things about Japan and its culture, which is something Serei and Jolty aren't familiar enough with, as their world echoes from the culture of a certain european country.

While lurking at the Myouren Temple, Sereinae asked Byakuren to do some exercise for her agility skills, after she has done so for her physical strength with Jolty.
This is most likely a sign of admiration to that monk, who can fly at very high speeds and become physically strong with her magic abilities.

Jolty once asked if Sereinae wanted to become a youkai for her physical limits, but she refused: she still dislikes her limits, but at the same time, she cannot afford to give up on her humanity and change herself forever, and guesses Marisa thinks like that as well.
She also mentioned how much of a hassle it would be for her to try to become one, that she would become a target for Reimu to exterminate, and that she has other things in life that matter (implying Jolty and their future). 

Jolty often wants to challenge Sereinae, by trying to accomplish a given goal with little or none of his abilities. He thinks it's a way for her to be less dependent on his powers, and to hone her own physical abilities, 
in order to complement her training with Byakuren.

Serei wanted to try to climb a certain mountain, but Jolty challenged her to do so with only a few abilities, claiming it's good for her health. 
Jolty claims that it's no fun if she was able to do everything on auto-pilot, so Serei had to rely on her own instincts and skills alone to be able to accomplish that.
He wanted to climb along with her, but it seems that in this mountain's world, he cannot have his physical body. He had the idea to give her some additional strength to be able to climb wall or carry heavy objects.
Jolty made it so that she is able to return to wherever she was before an attempt, to save her from death, It was like they were climbing together with the strength of two combined into one.

Those abilities included those to jump very high, to fall without taking damage, to never drown, to be able to climb on flat surfaces, and to dash in the air once or twice. 
The dashes temporarily changed her haircolor to green or dark purple, changes which she used for certain cosplays.

It was thanks to this climb that she started feeling sympathy for someone who looked just like her, but that's a story for another day.

Jolty has started his own projects, he can become an electricity provider with his abilities, or become a road architect, reveailing it's also a hobby of his of imagining a public transit, 
so he planned to study and gain some skills and competence, including, but not limited to: being an auto-entrepreneur, or being able to sell himself well.
Sereinae, as one who likes travelling around the city, likes that idea, can't wait to see and support what he can do, and thus roots for him to try his best. In order to try to help, she learned some physics lessons from Sanae.
He joked once that he'd make great rivals with the Moriya Shrine if he was able to produce energy all by himself for Gensokyo. Honestly speaking, it's not worth the effort, he has his own world to provide to.

With Jolty's plans, there would be no more need for Serei to earn money on her own with her clothes sales, and despite the fact her job as a therapist might emotionally weigh on her, she's still willing to try.
Jolty, while he respects what she wants, encourages her to go easy with it, and thinks she deserves some rest for taking care of both at home, it's his time to return the favor after all and become the provider.
Cosplay-wise, Sereinae found a way to dye her right sidelock according to the character's hair color. She considers it as making it less complicated when it comes to cosplaying as characters whose haircolor is too different compared to hers.
Then, she afterwards decided to make an extra effort and dye her hair with stripes based on the character's haircolor. She wouldn't do any of these often though, as she likes having a single hair color with no variation.

---

All arcs and incidents listed below take place between Wily Beast and Weakest Creature and Unconnected Marketeers, and thereafter.
The BraviOCOkina (but th18) and SereinaeAlt mods are canon to these stories, unless specified otherwise.

The incident of the Dream City:

The following stories are told from Reimu’s position as the protagonist.

It was a darker night than usual, the skies, once covered with stars, got covered by dark clouds. Once Sereinae and Jolty found the source behind this, they found out to be helpless. Their opponent turned out to be too strong for them, or anyone.
Jolty can barely restrict their power, but enough to make them defeatable… But not by Sereinae’s hands alone. As a matter of fact, if Jolty takes hold of it, Sereinae can’t use her abilities because of his absence. 
They decided then to quickly retire while they could.

The dark clouds spread within the city until it gets covered in total darkness, as if it got submerged by it, and eventually seeped into Gensokyo, in the shape of a dark blue and pink miasma on the ground, causing the shrine maiden to react. 
She first guessed that the Scarlet Devil Mansion group was behind it, but, when seeing where the clouds came from, she changed her mind and headed to their actual source. Once she ended in the city, she found it familiar, 
because of the Outside World vibes, but something didn’t feel right. 
Once she met Sereinae, she tried to explain a bit of the situation. Reimu then thought to keep going towards the source of the incident, but Sereinae refused, as she said she had tried to take down the culprit but couldn't.
Reimu assumed Sereinae was weak, and she answered with a fight. Not only she wanted to keep her from going to avoid having the situation make more victims, she wanted to test her strength when she sensed her confidence.
Once Reimu won, Sereinae explained the situation even further, gave her directions, and had Jolty follow her behind to ensure she's safe.

Once she arrived at the source, the shrine maiden saw Jolty behind her, and wondered why he came along. She thought of him as a divine spirit.
After hearing his explanation, she then laughed and said she could defeat anybody with spell card rules around, much to Jolty’s surprise at her ignorance. 
Their enemy doesn’t abide by the spell card rules at all, and is impossible to defeat. Although… Jolty’s ability can make Reimu able to win with his ability, or at least to make it abide by those so called rules as she calls them.
Reimu finally agreed to this plan.

Their opponent appeared before them, recalling the time Jolty ran away, before introducing himself as the other part of Jolty. Which Jolty referred to as his other self.
Unlike him, he has an actual human body, of a hooded young man with red eyes and purple patterns on the bottom of the pants and near the edge of his sleeves.
He looked annoyed by the fact Jolty and Sereinae had to rely someone else to face him. Considering Sereinae useless and worth throwing aside, and he would be better with someone else, and laughed about the name she gave him.
Reimu, as honest and direct as she is, said out loud that she had been dragged into someone else's internal problems, she then thought about nothing but beating her opponent as usual, 
but when thinking twice, she added that Jolty shouldn't throw Sereinae aside, she noticed back then that they were trusting of each other, and finds it weird that part of him would reject her. 
She doesn't know that much about their relationship, but she can't stand for that The Other Jolty badmouthing her either, and she knew Jolty is a human soul.  He provoked Reimu to see if she can face someone else's inner demon.
Jolty just let a loud sigh, things were clear to him, he still intends to stay by Sereinae's side. He reminded Reimu of her initial decision to beat their enemy and rushed through his other part, restricting her strength into making Reimu able to win.

Once defeated, he made the city return to normal as a sign of guilt, but still claims he is right about Sereinae, and invites Jolty to prove himself that she is worth having around.
Jolty guessed that the reason he was such a dangerous and unbeatable opponent, was because of The Other Jolty's stubborness. And only Jolty could stop what is essentially himself.
Serei heard about the story afterwards, and felt sorry for both of them. She will try to give him the tools to deal with it, like any therapist would. 
The first thing being that he should try understanding why he is so untrusting towards her. What is the exact thing that he fears from her? That she might not be enough for him? Does he think he deserves better?
Factually, he has no reason to fear her, but she still sensed he is too stressed about it, so she swore she will play her part in reassuring both of them.
Additionally, she guessed any kind of people has their own other self inside of them, which seems to be in this case Jolty's subconscious.

Sereinae followed Reimu to see if everything was back to normal in Gensokyo. To their relief, it is. 
The girl apologized to the shrine maiden for the inconvenience. Even though Reimu said she does this all the time with a smirk, Sereinae didn't believe it, and wants to reward her just to clear her mind.
Reimu then asked for donations, but Sereinae asked if this question was honest. Then both of their stomachs rumbled, so Sereinae baked her own special meal and they both ate. 
This was so strange, for the shrine maiden to be offered something for solving an incident…
It was from this moment onwards that Sereinae started to take interest in Gensokyo, starting to wander in this world, and her world, on occasions.

The Underside of a Sparkling Heart
The Other Jolty (他のジョルト)

Size : 180cm
Species : Manifestation of one's other side
Gender : Male
Personality : Prideful, arrogant, or annoying, yet desperate, and a sore loser.

Abilities : 

Using abilities revolving around Jolty:

- Capable of using power based on Jolty's negative emotions.
  - Can also badly alter Jolty's attitude.
  
- Capable of gaining knowledge about Jolty.
 
Character design : 
Essentially a color-swap of Jolty.

He wears a black hoodie, with interconnected pocket zippers. The armpits have a diagonal grey line on them.
The ends of his sleeves have grey and magenta diagonal gradient. The same applies for the bottom end of his pants. His pants also have horizontal light grey lines around the thighs and calves.

When his hood is up, his red glowy eyes can be seen. His face underneath his hood has never been seen. His orb form, which has rarely been seen, is a color swap of Jolty's, with red eyes, and a purple aura.

Sereinae Replica Arc:

While Sereinae was doing one of her random Gensokyo tours, she stumbled into a house at the edge of the Human Village, the Serene Inn. There she made a surprising discovery…

She met a girl who looked exactly like her, as if she was looking at a mirror, only the reflection had different clothes… The other girl who met her just greeted her the usual way, but something was wrong. 
Once the two introduced themselves, their first names happened to be the exact same!

They kept asking each other questions, for each answered question, the other Sereinae remembered more and more about her past… 
Sereinae Létoile is just any ordinary human, with a last name, but the one who stood in front of her is nothing but the creation of someone, but told nothing about who they are.
That creation not only got made from a bunch of Gensokyo characters, her appearance and personality are somewhat defined from someone else’s too! Realizing there’s absolutely nothing that can make her unique, her own self, 
she became so overly upset and thought in the end that only one of the two girls can exist… 

Létoile doesn't want anyone to die because of her. Usually she accepts challenges for fun and fights seriously only when necessary. But having to face someone with a near mental breakdown is something new to her.
She tries as best as she can to comfort her, telling her that they have their differences, either being about their talents, abilities, or experiences, or what they even are in the first place, that this makes the replica unique.

The Replica insists over the fact some people find her creepy, that they don't really like her for acting too familiar with them or knowing too much about them, so she has been forced to feign ignorance.
Létoile thinks it isn't necessarily the Replica's fault. While it might be rude in the first place to act familiar towards people that consider her as a stranger, this is still Gensokyo, a world where common sense works differently,
that is to say, something or someone weird might be totally normal, and should be socially accepted. Something that Létoile finds strange, ironically. Out of compassion for the replica, Létoile chose to attack anyone who would badmouth her.

The replica chose, more or less willingly, the side of humans from the beginning, even though she is part youkai due to her being a replica of certain ones. This is why it made her unconfortable to scare them.
She made a choice then. That is to get out of Gensokyo, since even here she didn't feel welcomed anyways, even if she wasn't really one to blame. Létoile accepted her decision, and had her stay in the home back in their world.
Their world happened to be very similar, if not, the exact same as the one where the Replica once fought the protagonists during the Four Seasons incident. But Létoile had no idea that the Replica was around during that time. It didn't make sense.

The replica wanted to stay at Létoile's parents's home, thinking it's give them company as their "daughter", and leaving Létoile and Jolty some privacy, which flushed both of them. Létoile remembered that it's a normal thing for her to know about that...
Létoile suggested the replica to start a singing carreer, based on what she learned from her, and reminds her that with that, even their goals in life are different, and just for that she should try her best living her life.

The replica had also the choice to have her give she unwillingly stole from others: their life essence, but Létoile refuses, and thinks it's for the best for her to stay alive, she doesn't have to do this.
Afterwards, Létoile would still try to offer her some help, as a "friend", about her identity crisis.
She also offered her a new name, finding it too reductive to call her a "Replica". Something like Séléné Létoile. To her, it doesn't sound too off from her original name, but still a bit different.
After giving it some thought, the replica accepted. Feeling and sounding like a twin sister sounds cute and it makes her forget she is just a shadow of others.

To emphasis their differences, Serei made gave Séléné a new outfit, it's different yet similar to the outfit Séléné wore as a servant.
Sereinae afterwards made a new version of her outfit, with slight color alterations on the jacket, to remember what Séléné used to be, and to try standing for her, and because she came to like the blue color as well.

She remembered the replica talking about certain dancers, twin dancers, she asked her about them, and wished to see them. They were in fact friends with her.
Once she got to the Land of the Backdoors, she offered to the Secret God to periodically help Mai and Satono, just as some sort of legacy of their relationship with the replica, while the replica chose to stay away.

Later, Létoile took over the Serene Inn, working it in, hiring people to work for her while she’s away. 
Létoile has to keep it open after all! She also thought about making some business with the clothes she makes there, from time to time while working for the Inn side.
She doesn't want to put the replica into any business in Gensokyo, true to her decision. She also started wearing a new version of her Gensokyo outfit afterwards.

Some time later, Sereinae started asking herself who was the replica's creator. There was a probability the Secret God was involved in this, but she usually recruits people from outside.
Additionally, she had cosplaying and making and selling clothes as a business, so she couldn't keep this part-time job going for very long, so she started investigating. 

The benefit of the doubt will lead her nowhere, so she sought on having Okina tell her all that she knows about the replica's creation. 
If she lies, Serei will know it. After an exhausting fight as a rebellious servant, Sereinae ended up narrowly prevailing.
Okina Matara rewarded her with the truth, that she was indeed the replica's creator, made to see if her abilities allowed her to create her own servants. 
The Secret God ended up firing the replica, believing it would be too cold-hearted to just destroy her.

Létoile understood everything now, and everything was obvious from the beginning. She appreciates the fact she gave her another, second life.
However she didn't sense any remorse from Okina from her words, even with her acts. She gave life to a replica who suffered the fact she cannot be a unique person and had her just suck that fact up in a harsh way. 
For comparison, Jolty may act insensitive at times, but Létoile senses that deep down he feels remorse or shame about himself if he does something bad, even when trying to blame others, but Okina's case was something else. 
Serei has given Okina a second chance, but after a while, she sought out to quit for good, after seeing how she badly treated not only Séléné, but also Mai and Satono, almost like puppets, instead of persons.

Okina made it clear that if Sereinae chooses to resign, then she wouldn't be able to use her doors to freely go to Gensokyo and see Mai and Satono again. She didn't mind about the former, as she would likely find an alternate way to 
go to Gensokyo, so Sereinae still wanted to challenge her to another spellcard duel, where if she won, not only, she'd have to let Serei leave and allow them to go back to the world she and Jolty came from.
Serei felt very bad for Mai and Satono, she wanted to check in on them and make sure they can see Séléné again, so she made Okina allow Mai and Satono to see them again sometimes. 
She couldn't blame the dancers for having to obey Okina's orders. Serei doesn't even know if it was their choice to serve Okina or if they were forced. 

After announcing the news to Séléné, she was brought to tears of happiness to see her old friends again.

Jolty, who remained silent in this affair, asked Sereinae if she really hates Okina. To her, it's like with Kanako: their persons have good aspects that she finds interesting, but cannot stand for the mistakes they choose to deny.
He wanted to somehow reward Sereinae for her efforts, efforts that she merely calls "nomal thing to do as a future therapist", but that's a story for another time.

The Other Twin of the Dream City
Séléné Létoile (セレネ・レトアル)
(previously known as Sereinae Replica)

Age / Size : The same as Sereinae's (physically, but was created a few years ago)
Species : Human, but has some youkai traits.
Gender : Female
Eyesight : Pretty bad

Abilities : 

- Being a good singer.

- Turning a poetic phrase into a source of power.
  
- Capable of using her Door Gliders to float.
  
Character design :
Has very long and straight dark brown hair, which reach her knees, azure-blue eyes, and pale white skincolor.
The bangs of her hair are nearly blunt, and the middle bang is swept to the left. Her sidelocks reach her chest, and are partly cut, at the level of around her eyes, and her neck.
The blue eye color complete those of Mai (green), Satono (pink), and Okina (yellow), thus all four represent each season.

When in need to fly, she has four dark grey square-door-shaped on her back, acting like butterfly wings.  

During her time as one of Okina's servants, she wore a blue jacket hoodie she usually closes, with yellow pocket zippers, a small green scarf, and a magenta skirt which reaches her knees with white diamond-shaped patterns around its bottom.
The ends of the sleeves have the same diamond-shaped patterns. Both the outside and inside of her hood are black. Each color corresponds to each season. She wears knee-high white boots, with black knee-high socks. 
She also wears an off-white headband, which has a light-blue bow tied around its top. She's always seen wearing glasses.
 
When her role as a servant ended, she started by wearing a short blue kimono, over an even longer magenta skirt with however no pattern on it.
May be a reference to a certain hostile mushroom from another universe, due to how much of a troublemaker she used to be at times.

During and after the Replica Arc, she wears a dark blue polo with lightblue sleeve ends and collar, the same green scarf around it, and a magenta bottom outline, the same magenta as the skirt's. 
She wears a long magenta skirt with a white outline, with thirteen white diamond-shaped patterns scattered on its left-side. The hairband is now lightblue, and is part of the bow that is on top of it.
She cut her hair for them to form an upside-down V shape from the hips to the knees. The middle bang is now swept to the right side, and the sidelocks are cut near the eyes no more.

Jolty's New Body Arc:

Sereinae after a while was becoming tired to do everything in her house alone, with Jolty around not being able to do anything to help. She wished then that he had a human body to help.
She supposed that if Jolty is a disembodied human heart and soul, then that would mean he can host a human body himself.
Jolty responded that it would not be okay to just steal someone else's body to do it, and to that Sereinae agrees. He wasn't against the idea of having a human body, after all that time, deep inside, having a body in starts missing him, in that world.
He also wishes to become the one who is the most reliable among the two, and make Sereinae the one he'd protect and look after. His abilities granted to her, for both offense and defense, are one proof of that wish.
It is a wish made also to be more secure about himself, and make that a reward for Serei's efforts for Séléné as well. 

After brainstorming for a while, they thought about asking the puppeteer from the Forest of Magic, but she, being Alice, answered that she only makes puppets, and wouldn't be able to make it feel real even if it was human-sized.
They've tried doing their own research on the human body, if it required magic to create one for example, how to make a blank body which shape and flesh would adapt to the heart and soul inhabiting it. 
They gave Alice the idea about it in case they'd need to use magic. It would take long until they find an effective way to create one, gathering as much info and help as they can to make things possible, or understand the whole thing at the very least.
In the case everything failed, they'd get someone more experimented to do it for them.

Sereinae then saw Jolty alongside a body that looked artificial. Sereinae wondered how he found one, or why he hasn't talked about it sooner.
Jolty then responded that he just imagined one and, poof, one ended up appearing, not knowing how it was possible in the first place. But if there was something he knew, is that he felt desperate.
Serei thought about how crazy it sounded, but believes him, since she sensed that he's telling the truth.
Sereinae made the outfit for him, more or less based on The Other Jolty's, and, although it took time for her to get used to his new appearance, 
Afterward she made a beanie for him, based on a certain protagonist's design that he likes. It was a spiky beanie with a black band, on which there are two white spots, meant to refer to his spirit form. He wears it during winter.

Despite having this new appearance, Jolty would spend most of his time outside with his hood up, probably because he isn't quite used to his new human appearance, and is too bashful about showing his face at all time. 
Sereinae accepts this behavior, but thinks it is no good in front of people that would suspect him of being part of some sort of criminal organization for example just because of that hood.

Both were embarassed looking at each other, Sereinae in front of a man, and Jolty looking like one, But she recognized him with his everyday attitude.
Regrarding the help she could get from Jolty, she's going easy on him at the moment, until he gets used to aiding her on his own. 
It took time for Jolty to get used to controlling his own body like it was natural. He loses balance easily and has trouble getting up in a second, so Sereinae took things with patience.
He mentioned it was as if he was an old man being helped by his granddaughter. He shook that idea off, he can't stay frail and weak forever, especially if he wants to stay true to his wish.
While Sereinae fondly appreciates his efforts, sometimes this worries her. She doesn't want him to be overworked because of her.

Jolty now has a new body, he has one reason less to stay with Sereinae, but, after all the time they spent together, and the fact she still needs him, he decided to stay anyways. It was out of the question to leave.
They really formed a relationship after all that time, and Sereinae has stopped taking him for her pet much before he gained his body.
He pointed out that with his new body, Sereinae can't use the fighting abilities from him that she uses. He suggested to teach her to defend herself in case he can't be there to help her, to which she replied that they're not in a hurry,
that when the time will come they will practice physical combat.

With an actual human body, Jolty now has to get a job of his own to provide for both of their needs. Sereinae still doesn't abandon the idea of studying to become a therapist, and Jolty encourages it, as it can help them in their everday lives.
New job means temporary absence, and also the need for Sereinae to be able to defend herself when in need, This was the opportunity for her to train and become less dependant to his presence.

Worlds Created by Imagination Arc:

Upon browsing on their computer, Jolty came across the fact Gensokyo exists as a media, and its story is told and written. He had Sereinae take a look as well, and she noticed that the stories told included the people they met there,
but not the two of them. When browsing through the story, Sereinae noticed that for example, she has never been Okina's servant, and Okina hasn't created a Replica of her. 

They asked themselves a lot of questions afterwards. If the Gensokyo from this story is told from a omniscient person, if this Gensokyo is the real thing that they cannot set foot on, and about the
Gensokyo they visit. They guessed that if the Gensokyo that is told in that media is the real thing, then the Gensokyo they visit must probably a copy, a copy in which they can be present.

They noticed that in this story, the Gensokyo they saw isn't told about as a media in the Outside World from that same story. 
For that they had to visit the Outside World and see if it is right, but even that Outside World is a copy of that of the original story. And they saw no trace of Gensokyo existing as a media, except the social media pictures Sumireko posted.
The Outside World is supposed to be traced on the real world in that story. Jolty revealed to Sereinae that he was originally from the Outside World too, well, his original self that is. 
He remembered that Gensokyo exists as a media in that world as well, so it's not the same as the Outside World related to Gensokyo.
They sooner or later noticed they can come to this Gensokyo at any timeline of the original thing they wanted and reset things at will, that's how Jolty sooner or later realized he could joke around there if he wanted.
But since Jolty has a conscience, he never thinks what he does is guilt-free, so he refrains from going too far, and Sereinae always reminds him and herself that, even if she herself finds it funny to tease people.

Jolty wondered if this applied to the many other fictional worlds they visited. He found out that originally, they exist as medias they're not part of, either as games or movies, so it is very likely that the
worlds they visited are mere copies, alternate universes as others called. They try to be optimistic about it, saying they can still have their fun paying those people a visit, but Jolty reminds Sereinae they shouldn't
do that to flatter their egos, and treat them the same as they are. The two of them are just happy ordinary people when it's not about their combat abilities and powers.

Altenatively, Jolty wanted to talk about something else.

He was quick to assume the city they live in was a fruit of his imagination, and its inhabitants mere figments, despite how human they are, but Sereinae didn't want to believe it,
she claims that she can't be his imagination, as she is standing right in front of him. Jolty may have worded things wrong though and thought it was hurtful, and Sereinae tried to understand why he assumed things that way,
but despite Jolty being bashful about it, Serei thought he may have had something to hide, and he reminded her about the manifestation of The Other Jolty, and how it affected the city and other worlds, why he had
the eyes of a nightmare. He guessed that if he affected the city that much, it would be because both of them have ties to this city, and wondered why its name was Dream City. He wondered if he was the one dreaming.

He wondered who created the copies of these fictional worlds and their inhabitants. It cannot be a Gensokyo sage, and Jolty thinks that if the Dream City is a product of his imagination, then maybe those fictional worlds are his imagination as well.

Sereinae booped him and told him this overthinking made him all hungry and tired. She told him he is not dreaming as long as she will be there, and that she'll stay by his side.
This answer made Jolty think that Sereinae is missing something out, that he worded things wrong. He figured out that if the Dream City has ties to him, then Sereinae's existence may depend on his since she is native from the Dream City.
Sereinae thought about it for a while, and she concluded that she depends on him way more than she thought. But if that's what she's supposed to be, then she'll have to be of a good support towards him.
Jolty reminded her that he's here for her too.

He, however, feared that if something tragic were to happen to him, the existence of everything around him would logically collapse on itself. Sereinae pointed out that he was scared, wondered why, and Jolty had no choice but to tell her.
Sereinae just had the simple idea of keeping him safe for as long as she can. Jolty thanked her, and remembered that he was originally in an orb shape. 
He addtionally guessed their idea of getting him have a human body was one way to keep himself safe and protect Sereinae, in return.

After theorizing for a very long while, they sought out to find the truth about it, and went back to the location at which he and Reimu faced The Other Jolty, based on the probability that he might know something about it.
The Other Jolty appeared in front of him, and confirmed their thoughts, knowing about the city more than Jolty does, that the power of his imagination created this world and copies of the worlds he liked.
He added it's nothing harmful, the same events as the original story's world happened in the copy, and the people were the exact same. Nothing from the copy could influences the original world, not even a Gensokyo sage's abilities.
The other worlds related to Gensokyo, such as Makai and the Land of the Backdoors, and all the people and sages were also revealed to be copies of those of the original story.
The only things that were changed from the original world were Jolty's, Sereinae's, and her replica's existence in Gensokyo.

Sereinae almost felt like crying knowing her friendship with Mai and Satono has been a total lie, and is friends with fakes of them. Jolty reminded her that it's no big deal that they're "fakes", as much as this is true, they're still people.
She can still have fun with them, and things would be no different if she was with the original ones. She added that it would still be pointless to befriend fakes. Jolty understood it would feel better if she got along with the real ones,
but he thinks being with the copies is just as good, since after all, they're exactly the same.

The Other Jolty would call Jolty the God of the Dream City based on the fact he created it out of his imagination, but Jolty would reject that idea, embracing the fact that he's just any ordinary dude who happens to be strong. 
He has Sereinae, and to him that is all that matters.
Jolty remembered what Reimu said about him being a divine spirit. At first he thought it was a misconception, but she was most likely right. After all, as a shrine maiden she knows a whole lot about gods and divine spirits.
While Sereinae appreciates his modesty, The Other Jolty found it to be a shame, saying that he could use that fact to be praised and worshipped by the inhabitants of the city, and that Sereinae would fit the role of his priestess. 
Sereinae takes it into consideration for a roleplay idea, but plans nothing too serious about it, and while Jolty likes that idea, he still isn't too enthusiastic about the fact he might be a God of the world he lives in.
Besides, he thinks anyone could create a world out of their imagination, therefore become a so-called god of that world.

Jolty remembered that it was most likely this ability of imagination that created his own artificial body, and if the clouds that invaded Gensokyo were from his imagination abilities as well.
He guessed he felt so desperate about this incident that without knowing it he called for outside help with that.
He also wondered why he imagined himself as an outcast even in his world. 
Maybe it correlates with the fact he doesn't want to see himself as being praised for something that is realistically impossible, and unconsciously imagined that world's society as traced over the real world's.
He doesn't want to lie about what he truly is, that is to say, a dull and ordinary human, inside.

He doesn't want to see himself as the creator of the people around him, he will only consider childbirth as something that comes from couples, not creation by imagination.
Therefore both him and Sereinae do not see Sereinae as Jolty's making, and wish this whole creation from imagination was a tall tale. 

They got the information from Sanae that gods can split their divine spirits and be summoned by their shrine maidens, like she summons Kanako and Suwako.
Serei then wondered if she can do the same and summon Jolty's help, and Jolty answers by the fact he has shared his powers with her, and that it can be an equivalent of summoning a god's help as a shrine maiden.

Sooner or later, Jolty would have to accept what he truly is to this world. Serei reassured him that he can accept it, without changing who he is, to her at least, i.e. the person closest to her in her life.
Ironically, he would soon use this ability to help constructing buildings, infrastructures, etc, for any job related to that that he wants to earn, so maybe having an incredible ability like that works if it's for society.

Jolty remembered they cannot go to Gensokyo, so, Sereinae built something which looks like a portal related to dreams, and called it a Wishing Portal, and with the wish she would keep being able to venture wherever she wants, 
and go back to the world she and Jolty came from safe and sound. Sereinae's wishes and Jolty's imagination abilities together made it possible, and they made it so that only they can use it. 
This kind of portal doesn't allow Jolty to visit all the worlds they wish to with his physical body, and guessed some worlds have rules he doesn't know about. 
In that case he'll be forced to act just as her spiritual body guard instead of a human partner.