Sereinae's Backstory:

Lives in a city with an unrealistically beautiful starry sky and radiant daylight.
Although it resembles some european countries, notably some France cities, it isn't part of the outside world, but is in a completely different world. 
Therefore those unnatural and unrealistic sides of the city gave it its name as the Dream City, also known as the world of the Fact Within Fiction.
It is also said to be located between reality and fantasy, because of someone, and hangs on by a thread.

During her childhood, her ability prevented her from being a bully or a cruel person, as she would feel the sadness or anger of those she would target. As consequence, she also avoided bad emotions from others overall.
Serei's parents are somewhat strict with her, wishing for her to avoid bad company and being convinced (in this case, wrongly) that when at young age, children can be naive at times.
Later, she wanted to snap out of her attitude and instead tried to sympathize with the people around her, helping them set things right if she could. 
Sometimes just being a good emotional support can be a good thing for the people around her, so she became conviced that this is what she should do.
Consequently Serei has started attending theater clubs during her school days, to learn how to act properly when the going gets tough, and how to roleplay.
She has no problem being honest with others if it lets them know how she feels herself though.
While she wasn't busy with class, she sewed clothes, though she still to this day buy some clothes: after all, making ones takes time, even if she's dexterous.

During her teenager life, she had more like a peachy personality, becoming friends with her classmates, well with the exception of those who judged her physical appearance, calling her chubby.
She never developed or engaged in any love relationship during that time. she didn't know how to properly approach someone who would eventually have feelings for her, or the other way around.

Serei wanted to learn how to live independently, so she moved away once she came of age. Her parents ended up choosing to believe in her, sensing that despite their worries, they need to let their kid follow their own path.
She agreed with her parents that she shouldn't stay with someone unless she knows they care about each other a lot. She doesn't care about short-lasting relationships at all. 
She now studies to become a therapist and have the best use of her main ability, or so she thinks. Her main studies help her understanding the human psychology better, 
and at some point she wanted to become a therapist, despite her parents' warnings. 

After parting ways with her friends after graduating from high school, she lived a solitary life, stayed in the city, and learned how to live independently as she wanted. 
She still studied and worked part-time, yet prefers focusing on her hobbies when she can, to relieve the pressure. Meanwhile, she keeps her parents in touch at times.
There are times where she wishes to go to other worlds to see more people outside her own. She has a curiosity about whatever's going on around her and beyond, so for now she travels around the city when not at home.

Her other hobbies include making new clothes, having a fashion sense due to the variety of clothes she makes and wears, either for cosplay or for sale, in this case, in freelance. 
She started cosplaying as what she calls "her favorite female characters", maybe to be in their shoes, and to try some different clothing fashions, and, of course, her theater clubs helped a lot when it came to imitating those characters. 
She made clothes based on her simplistic style, but tends to vary a bit. She sometimes has difficulties with making very complex-looking clothes, them being either extravagant ones, ones with frills, 
or ones with very complex patterns, so she unfortunately can't please everyone.
There was one time she made shirts made for women, but... The sides of the buttons were wrong, as if the shirt was for men, so she had to fix that somehow.

She also happens to like reading at times, and had once thought about the job as an idol, but realized the job takes too much of her liberties, taking hold of even her private life, 
Besides if she wanted to, she wouldn't be able to, she doesn't have the beauty standards, according to the producers, to become one, with her not being slim enough to their liking.
She resigned to that idea, but still admires the idols' work. She thought that there's maybe another way made just for her to put a smile on people's faces.

Meeting of a Girl and an Orb:

Each time she ran errands, she stumbled multiple times upon a atypical being in the shape of an orb, with two white eyes.
Each time she did, she felt loneliness from this being. She turned a blind eye to it for some time, but ended up not to, her ability made it too difficult.
She saw it wandering aimlessly, and one day wanted to help him and was curious at the same time about it. If this was a time to practice with therapy with someone, it was right now.
She used that opportunity to learn how to control her ability and avoid getting overtaken by negative emotions. 
It has the ability to speak and one time Sereinae was surprised how it could sip a cup of tea without any hands or mouth.

It didn't really feel at home in this city, and it liked taking "walks" around the city, never liking staying in one place, 
The thing is, as a spirit orb, you do look weird to the people around you. 
She understood him, mentioning her school days and every bad remark some of her classmates said about her.

Sereinae remembered about her current solitary life once she started moving out of home. 
On the long run, this kind of life has started affecting her negatively too, and started feeling somewhat unsafe, so she was able to sympathize with it.
Their loneliness is what brought those two people together. Sereinae then initially thought of it as nothing more than a pet, given how cute she finds it. 
Sereinae felt somewhat safe with that orb around, which in return felt understood when letting go of its thoughts with her.

After seeing each other several times, and getting things off their chests, they started becoming good friends, and decided to stay together. 

In exchange of allowing it to stay, she got lightning-based abilities from it. She jokingly said this would help with the electricity bill, and... she wasn't that wrong about it, honestly.
They got even closer to each other with time passing by, and later they became sidekicks. Serei has also given him the daily meals that he likes.
The orb introduced itself as the Spirit, a male one, he said this name would define him the easiest, but Sereinae didn't agree and found the name too generic. She decided to call him "Jolty" from now on. 
He guessed it corresponds to its ability and how shaky it sounds.

The reason Jolty had become bodiless soul wasn't clear. It was assumed it was a human before. When asked about it, he simply cannot answer, he doesn't remember his true identity, who he really is, his name.
All he could tell is that he just suddenly appeared there, in the Center of the City, and that this city and Sereinae's face felt familiar.
When Sereinae asked, she sensed that he wasn't comfortable with talking about it, so she decided not to force things, although intrigued by his remark on her face. 

Afterwards, when they got together, Jolty felt more comfortable in Sereinae home, and besides, her home is next to the Center of the City, if not part of it, so it's not like he could get homesick.

All arcs and incidents listed below take place between Wily Beast and Weakest Creature and Unconnected Marketeers, and thereafter, and are only related to Gensokyo events.
The BraviOCOkina (but th18) and SereinaeAlt mods are canon to these stories, unless specified otherwise.

The Incident of the Dream City:

The following stories are told from Reimu’s position as the protagonist.

It was a darker night than usual, the skies, once covered with stars, got covered by dark clouds. Once Sereinae and Jolty found the source behind this, they found out to be helpless. Their opponent turned out to be too strong for them, or anyone.
Jolty can barely restrict their power, but enough to make them defeatable… But not by Sereinae’s hands alone. As a matter of fact, if Jolty takes hold of it, Sereinae can’t use her abilities because of his absence. 
They decided then to quickly retreat while they could.

The dark clouds spread within the city until it gets covered in total darkness, as if it got submerged by it, and eventually seeped into Gensokyo, in the shape of a dark blue and pink miasma on the ground, causing the shrine maiden to react. 
She first guessed that the Scarlet Devil Mansion group was behind it, but, when seeing where the clouds came from, she changed her mind and headed to their actual source. Once she ended in the city, she found it familiar, 
because of the Outside World vibes, but something didn’t feel right. 
Once she met Sereinae, she tried to explain a bit of the situation. Reimu then thought to keep going towards the source of the incident, but Sereinae refused, as she said she had tried to take down the culprit but couldn't.
Reimu assumed Sereinae was weak, and she answered with a fight. Not only she wanted to keep her from going to avoid having the situation make more victims, she wanted to test her strength when she sensed her confidence.
Once Reimu won, Sereinae explained the situation even further, gave her directions, and had Jolty follow her behind to ensure she's safe.

Once she arrived at the source, located at the Center of the City, the shrine maiden saw Jolty behind her, and wondered why he came along. She thought of him as a divine spirit.
After hearing his explanation, she then laughed and said she could defeat anybody with spell card rules around, much to Jolty’s surprise at her ignorance. 
Their enemy doesn’t abide by the spell card rules at all, and is impossible to defeat. Although… Jolty’s ability can make Reimu able to win with his ability, or at least to make it abide by those so called rules as she calls them.
Reimu finally agreed to this plan.

Their opponent appeared before them, recalling the time Jolty ran away, before introducing himself as the other part of Jolty. Which Jolty referred to as his other self.
Unlike him, he has an actual human body, of a hooded young man with red eyes and purple patterns on the bottom of the pants and near the edge of his sleeves.
He looked annoyed by the fact Jolty and Sereinae had to rely someone else to face him. Considering Sereinae useless if not troublesome, and he would be better with someone else, and laughed about the name she gave him.
Reimu, as honest and direct as she is, said out loud that she had been dragged into someone else's internal problems, she then thought about nothing but beating her opponent as usual, 
but when thinking twice, she added that Jolty shouldn't throw Sereinae aside, she noticed back then that they were trusting of each other, and finds it weird that part of him would reject her. 
She doesn't know that much about their relationship, but she can't stand for that The Other Jolty badmouthing her either, and she knew Jolty is a human soul. He provoked Reimu to see if she can face someone else's inner demon.
Jolty just let a loud sigh, things were clear to him, he still intends to stay by Sereinae's side. He reminded Reimu of her initial decision to beat their enemy and rushed through his other part, restricting her strength into making Reimu able to win.

Once defeated, Jolty has wondered what he meant by "useless and troublesome". That if he had issues with her, then he should see her. But then his other self was too afraid to talk about it.
Feeling that this is what should be done, the Other Jolty went to see Sereinae anyways. He went in, explained what he really is. He embodied Jolty's strongest emotions, and in this story, it was his fear of deceit.
He had wondered why Sereinae was so nice towards him, and felt like there was a catch somewhere. Jolty didn't want to be rude towards her, so his negative emotions hid somewhere, and took the form of his other self.
As time went on, this other self had been convinced that she was maybe going to betray him at some point, so he made this incident to test them. And he got confirmation about Sereinae uselessness right here.

Sereinae blamed herself at first, not being perceptive enough about how Jolty felt, that she should've known better, that she should've been able to. She then apologized to both Jolties.
Our Jolty blamed himself, thinking he should've have expressed those repressed emotions sooner, and quelled his other self, if only he knew when and how he came to life.
The Other Jolty asked him if he was sure to trust her, but Jolty asks him back, to take a look at her, and think about the fact that they helped each other, and it's been a while since they've been together.
Seeing how wrong he was, and the trouble he caused, the Other Jolty chose to put an end to the incident, and to go away for a while.

Sereinae wondered why he went away, if he's a part of Jolty, instead of staying with him.
Sereinae guessed that the reason the Other Jolty was such a dangerous and unbeatable opponent, was because Jolty couldn't face him by just himself, that he needed outside support.
Additionally, she guessed any kind of people has their own other self inside of them. To her, it was a shame that this time she couldn't help him. 

Sereinae followed Reimu to see if everything was back to normal in Gensokyo. To their relief, it is. 
The girl apologized to the shrine maiden for the inconvenience. Even though Reimu said she does this all the time with a smirk, Sereinae didn't believe it, and wants to reward her just to clear her mind.
Reimu then asked for donations, but Sereinae asked if this question was honest. Then both of their stomachs rumbled, so Sereinae baked her own special meal and they both ate. 
This was so strange, for the shrine maiden to be offered something for solving an incident…
It was from this moment onwards that Sereinae started to take interest in Gensokyo, starting to wander in this world, and her world, on occasions.

First Steps into Other Worlds Arc:

When they came to Gensokyo, Sereinae felt the change between an urban and a rural and wild area, giving her a refreshing feeling in her heart. She has seen people with extraordinary talents, which changed a lot between that and the ordinary life she had.
Well, that was mostly because she got attacked by youkai on first sight. After asking them, it was revealed it was because of her hoodie jacket made her look like an outsider.
She defeats them thanks Jolty's help, although dodging their bullets is very tiresome due to her sudden movements. She thought maybe she needs to exercise.
Jolty enjoys the trips they're having in Gensokyo too. After some time, he wishes to be able go back home, from homesickness. Sereinae felt the same, missing her home as time went on.
They don't really know how they could go from their world to Gensokyo. It was as Jolty deeply wished for them to go from one place to another, that they could, but that's a story for another time.

Later on they found a human settlement, the Human Village, Her offputting oufit made it clear that she's an outsider, but that didn't seem to bother anyone. 
Thinking the girl is homeless, some offered her to give her a temporary shelter. Jolty suggested that they shouldn't stay in Gensokyo for a long while, but to rather go back to their world when the sun sets and not later.
Sereinae adds that this isn't a place suited for staying for tourism, that they gotta have a good reason to stay, so she agreed with him.
She learned at some point that no youkai attacks those villagers. Remembering what a youkai told her about looks, she started to make and wear a new outfit to try to imitate those villagers. 

After some events transpired, Sereinae asks Mokou for guidance through the Bamboo Forest in case she needs to go to Eientei for medical matters. 
Mokou, at first, mistook her for her enemy Kaguya, but at some point after a good fight, they became friends.
Due to their adventurous and curious side, they also search info about whatever events or incidents that already took place, much to the people's fears that they might find too much out, 
but for them, it's like more like reading a story book while being less ignorant about whatever is or has been going on. But in truth, it had her grow the soul of a historian.

With all she has learned about Gensokyo's society, she avoids wanting to become the therapist of Gensokyo. If she helped her patients become more rational, knowledgeable, and how to deal with their fear,
she would in the end cause the decline of the youkai population, due to having less villagers fear them, thus a big incident. She made that a promise to the incident solvers that she would only help those in her world.
Jolty and Sereinae also vowed to make it so that they're the only ones able to traverse worlds from their own to other worlds, including Gensokyo. Jolty isn't sure that he can trust the other dwellers of his world to not make mistakes.

She proved that with knowledge comes wise decision making for the greater good, instead of a mean to an end for one's benefit. Besides, she mentioned how cruel it is to leave people in ignorance like this.
Jolty interprets this as how the food chain works, only this time, humans have something above them, which ironically, comes from them. Unlucky for them, they're born in a ranch from which they cannot escape.
Gensokyo is also somewhat like a place that is stuck in the past, to him.

Sereinae, wanted to get accustomed to Gensokyo and get some income, so she sometimes works at different places in Gensokyo, such as Suzunaan or the Moriya and Hakurei Shrines as well as the Myouren Temple, either as a clerk or as an assistant.
She tried to go for the Scarlet Devil Mansion, but they wanted her to work forever for them, so she refused.

During a talk with Kanako, she noticed that she is different and more caring than other gods, and supposed the gods aren't all the same.
She became friends with Sanae due to their shared interests and common knowledge from the world outside, although she noticed that Sanae is behind the times, after all it has been ages since Sanae left her homeworld, the Outside World,
but she didn't mind it as it made Serei and Jolty nostalgic. She jokingly said her meeting with Jolty might have been the fruit of a miracle, even though Sanae isn't sure if she did anything about it. 

She related to how people from the outside world get accustomed to Gensokyo's life style, such as the Moriya Shrine, and actually admires them for such feat.
She frequently asked them for advice, and went to the shrine ...by wanting to climb the Youkai Mountain instead of taking the ropeway, thinking it'd be good for her health, much to the Tengu's disapproval and annoyance.
Jolty likes it when she cosplays as Sanae, so, Sereinae frequently wears her cosplay of her when at home, him associating the green, blue and white colors with serenity.

Sereinae sometimes wonders if this clothing holds more value than her own person to him. But Jolty thinks that Serei has something Sanae doesn't have, so of course her person has more value.
Sereinae doesn't want her cosplays to seriously change who she is: she still holds on to her person and changing it is not the purpose of her cosplay. In the cases where she changes her personality, then it's just some non-serious roleplay.

Jolty learned that the gods at the Moriya Shrine were planning to become gods related to technology, then bragged to Sereinae about the fact their city is technologically more advanced and more modern than whatever he saw in Gensokyo, 
but he still highly respects their projects related to such thing and guessed he could learn a few more things from them. 
Morally speaking, he wishes to view shinto gods as something similar to heroes, with them saving or helping people and getting praised for it. To him, that's one way to earn people's respect and faith, 
rather than to manipulate villagers into believing one normal aspect of their lives is something mystic. This latter case of faith is something he believes to be artificial.

They eventually met Sumireko at some point near the Hakurei Shrine, Sereinae and Jolty both noticed there was something off about that human, and got to know she's a doppelganger and the real Sumireko is in the Outside World,
they got along rather well, and unlike Sanae, Sumireko wasn't behind the times at all, and they noticed how much things have changed from back then to now in that world. 
They learned from those two girls a few things about Japan and its culture, which is something Serei and Jolty aren't familiar enough with, they're rather familiar with european or french culture.

While working at the Myouren Temple, Sereinae wish Byakuren to help her exercise for her agility skills.
This is most likely a sign of admiration to that monk, who can fly at very high speeds and become physically strong with her magic abilities.

Jolty once asked if Sereinae wanted to become a youkai for her physical limits, but she refused: she still dislikes her limits, but at the same time, she cannot afford to give up on her humanity and change herself forever, and guesses Marisa thinks like that as well.
She also mentioned how much of a hassle it would be for her to try to become one, that she would become a target for Reimu to exterminate, and that she has other things in life that matter (implying Jolty and their future). 

Serei and Jolty often want to challenge themselves, by trying to accomplish a given goal with little or none of Jolty abilities. 
He thinks it's a way for her to be less dependent on his powers, and Serei wants to hone her own physical and mental abilities.
Sometimes when Jolty is by himself he also wants to challenge himself. They know they're both insecure, and they'd like to do something about it.

For instance...

Jolty wanted to try to climb a certain mountain, although, it seemed that in this mountain's world, he couldn't have his physical body. so Sereinae went along, 
saying she wants to do it for herself. She also wanted not to rely on Jolty's auto-dodge abilities to go around obstacles that easily. 
He admits that it'd be boring if she was able to do everything on auto-pilot. Of course he tried to help her however he could.

She saw someone who, just like her, climbed this mountain, wanting to accomplish something in her life, but something pushed her back. 
She met a darker version of herself, like the Other Jolty, or someone else's other self who also climbed this mountain before.
That Other Sereinae not only thinks Serei cannot climb this mountain, but also reminded her of how dependent she is of Jolty, and how both of them didn't belong 
to the world this mountain is in, calling them "trespassers", "original characters" or "self-inserts".

Serei wanted her other self to understand that there is no harm in just paying a world a visit even if it's not hers.
They wanted to experience something new that Jolty's world couldn't bring, and to them, that's fine, and harmless, well, as long as they're reasonable, of course.

It was also thanks to this climb that she started feeling sympathy for someone who looked just like her, but that's a story for another day.

During the climb, he pointed her hair change to green out. At first this embarassed Sereinae, used to being a brunette, and left her wonder if a totally different haircolor looks good on her.
To Jolty, it was as if it gave her person another side, another, brighter one. Sereinae had to get used to it, but likes his idea, and accepted that her hair color changes are part of her.

The Other Sereinae Arc:

While Sereinae was doing one of her random Gensokyo tours, she stumbled into a house at the edge of the Human Village, the Serene Inn. There she made a surprising discovery…

She met a girl who looked exactly like her, as if she was looking at a mirror, only the reflection had different clothes… The other girl who met her just greeted her the usual way. 
Once they've introduced themselves, they noticed their names are the exact same, Sereinae. Well, except for one of them who was the only one to use her last name as well.

They kept asking each other questions, for each answered question, the other Sereinae remembered more and more about her past… 
Sereinae Létoile is just any ordinary human, with a last name, but the one who stood in front of her is nothing but the creation of someone, but told nothing about who they are.
That creation not only got made from a bunch of Gensokyo characters, her appearance and personality are somewhat defined from someone else’s too! Realizing there’s absolutely nothing that can make her unique, her own self, 
she became so overly upset and thought in the end that only one of the two girls can exist… 

Létoile doesn't want anyone to die because of her. Usually she accepts challenges for fun and fights seriously only when necessary. But having to face someone with a near mental breakdown is something new to her.
She had to face her own clone in combat, but still didn't want to kill her, only to calm her down, and guessed the only way to do that and have her listen, is for her to win.

After Létoile won, she tried as best as she could to comfort her, telling her that they have their differences, either being about their talents, abilities, or experiences, or what they even are in the first place, that this makes the replica unique.
Even though she takes things from others, the Replica is not alone, some of Jolty's ways of fighting are inspired from something, and Létoile borrows Jolty's powers and loves imitating others through cosplay, to the point
it seems that it was because she wanted to be like them, but to her, what she's doing is okay, as she had no bad intents when cosplaying. But the Replica wanted to be just herself. How ironic, and different.

The Replica insists over the fact some people find her creepy, that they don't really like her for acting too familiar with them or knowing too much about them, so she has been forced to feign ignorance.
Létoile thinks it isn't necessarily the Replica's fault, and much less how she was born. While it might be rude in the first place to act familiar towards people that consider her as a stranger, this is still Gensokyo, a world where the uncanny is normal,
and should be socially accepted. Something that Létoile finds strange, ironically. The replica chose, more or less willingly, the side of humans from the beginning, even though she is part youkai due to her being a replica of certain ones. 
This is why it made her unconfortable to scare them. She also had the choice to have her give she unwillingly stole from others: their life essence, but Létoile thinks she doesn't have to do go to this extreme, no one should ever push
her into doing that, ever. Out of compassion for the replica, Létoile made sure no one would ever badmouth the Replica.

With all of that said, Létoile wanted to give the Replica the time to think before making any decision.
Jolty asked her what she hopes for, to which she answered that she hopes the Replica will make the right decision, one where she'll keep on living her life like a normal person.
He asks why she's so optimistic about it, but Létoile thinks that her and the Replica have supposedly the same personality, so there is a good chance.
Though, after learning about her replica's nature, Létoile wondered if her cosplay hobby is being reflected by what makes her replica what she is: someone whose identity revolves around those of others. 
Jolty thinks that no matter who she looks and acts like, she's still the Serei he knows, and wants to remember and thank her for everything she has done for him.

Létoile would still try to offer her some help, as a "friend", about her identity crisis.
A while later, the Replica made her mind up. wanting to get out of Gensokyo, since even here she didn't feel welcomed anyways, even if she wasn't really one to blame, and yet Gensokyo is supposed to welcome everyone.
Séléné wanted to forget about her past with Okina for good. Létoile accepted her decision, and had her stay in the home back in their world. 
Their world happened to be the exact same as the one where the Replica once fought the protagonists during the Four Seasons incident. But Létoile had no idea that the Replica was around during that time. Maybe she was somewhere else?

The replica wanted to stay at Létoile's parents's home, thinking it's give them company as their "daughter", and leaving Létoile and Jolty some privacy, which flushed both of them. Létoile remembered that it's a normal thing for her to know about that...
Létoile suggested the replica to start a singing carreer, based on what she learned from her, and reminds her that with that, even their goals in life are different, and just for that she should try her best living her life.

Létoile introduced the Replica her parents, hoping they'd understand and accept her at home. She told them about the Replica's story, how they met, etc... 
Her parents, knowing their daughter can go to her home in one piece and know who she can trust, gladly accepted that Replica to live with them.

She also offered her a new name, finding it too reductive to call her a "Replica". Something like Séléné Létoile. To her, it doesn't sound too off from her original name, but still a bit different.
After giving it some thought, the replica accepted. Feeling and sounding like a twin sister sounds cute and it makes her forget she is just a shadow of others.

To emphasis their differences, Serei made gave Séléné a new outfit, it's different yet similar to the outfit Séléné wore as a servant.
Sereinae afterwards made a new version of her outfit, with slight color alterations on the jacket, to remember what Séléné used to be, and to try standing for her, and because she came to like the blue color as well.

She remembered the replica talking about certain dancers, twin dancers, she asked her about them, and wished to see them. They were in fact friends with her.
Once she got to the Land of the Backdoors, she offered to the Secret God to periodically help Mai and Satono, just as some sort of legacy of their relationship with the replica, while the replica chose to stay away.

Jolty fears this Secret God might want to make Létoile another slave somehow. As he doesn't really trust Okina, he's willing to intervene in case Okina was going to do it, 
swearing that she won't lay a finger on a single braincell. Létoile appreciates it, and thinks she'll be alright, after all, she only wants to help them, not replace or be like them.

That said, she did learn a few skills in the meantime. Though she wasn't really suited for dancing due to her not starting learning at young age,
she did learn how to make her body a bit more flexible. She liked the idea of moving gracefully, so she kept practicing a bit.

Later, Létoile took over the Serene Inn, working it in, hiring people to work for her while she’s away. 
Létoile has to keep it open after all! She also thought about making some business with the clothes she makes there, from time to time. 
But for now, she's just going to make it her Gensokyo home, and then make it a new Inn when she gets anyone to work for her while she's away.
She doesn't want to put the replica into any business in Gensokyo, true to her decision. She also started wearing a new version of her Gensokyo outfit afterwards.

While she started helping Mai and Satono, Sereinae started asking herself who the replica's creator was. She had the clue that she was friends with Mai and Satono, so
there was a probability the Secret God was involved in this, but she usually recruits people from outside. That said, Serei didn't deny the probability, so she started investigating.

The benefit of the doubt will lead her nowhere, so she sought on having Okina tell her all that she knows about the replica's creation. 
If she lies, Serei will know it. After an exhausting fight as a rebellious servant, Sereinae ended up narrowly prevailing, thanks to Jolty's help.
Okina Matara rewarded her with the truth, that she was indeed the replica's creator, made to see if her abilities allowed her to create her own servants. 
The Secret God ended up firing the replica, believing it would be too cold-hearted to just destroy her, and let her live her own life.

Létoile understood everything now, and everything was obvious from the beginning. She appreciates the fact she gave her another, second life.
However she didn't sense any remorse from Okina from her words, even with her acts. She gave life to a replica who suffered the fact she cannot be a unique person and had her just suck that fact up in a harsh way. 
For comparison, Jolty may act insensitive at times, but Létoile senses that deep down he feels remorse or shame about himself if he does something bad, even when trying to blame others, but Okina's case was something else. 
Serei has given Okina a second chance, but after a while, she sought out to quit for good, after seeing how she badly treated not only Séléné, but also Mai and Satono, almost like puppets, instead of persons.

Besides, Serei has other things to do in her life, one more reason to quit, now that Jolty thought about it, but she was still worried about the two dancers.
Serei even felt bad for Mai and Satono, she wanted to check in on them and make sure they can see Séléné again, so she made Okina allow Mai and Satono to see them again sometimes. 
She couldn't blame the dancers for having to obey Okina's orders. Serei doesn't even know if it was their choice to serve Okina or if they were forced. 

Sereinae wanted to challenge her to another spellcard duel, where if she won, not only she'd have to accept her resignation, she would also allow her to see the two dancers again.

They fought but this time Sereinae lost, due to exhaustion, at the end of the fight. Thus she accepted to not resign and by extension to become a new servant for Okina. 
Jolty became very upset, refusing to let go of Sereinae. But at the same time, he couldn't force her to stay with him if she doesn't want to, he respected and reminded her of her will to live independently of someone's control.
He then asked if she is sure about accepting becoming a new servant for her.
She sensed how upset Jolty felt, knew how stubborn he is, how he would never leave her behind and let Okina lay a single finger on her, even for one defeat. 
While she felt like she had to accept her defeat and serve Okina, she honestly didn't want to imagine parting ways with Jolty only to become someone else's slave. And besides, she wants to live freely.

Sereinae knew especially that both she and him care deeply for each other, so her answer then became a clear "no".
Thus, Jolty asked her if she wanted to "continue", adding that "it's not too bad to continue once in a while". Sereinae, being on her knees, stood up, and became aware that this fight is too important for her to lose.

Alas Jolty wouldn't be able to fight that much as a simple orb, so they together used a last resort spellcard during which they'd defend and heal each other.
After her opponents performed one final strike, Okina chose to spare both of them. Not only for that attack, but also out of respect for their last-ditch effort. 
additionally commenting on how this divine spirit-like orb has his own world to look after, and someone to live with and to support him.
...though Jolty didn't know what that former comment meant.

Afterwards, Okina accepted to have Mai and Satono pay both the two, and Séléné a visit at times. Besides, Okina has taken a liking to Jolty's boldness when he stood for his partner.
After announcing the news to Séléné, she was brought to tears of happiness to see her old friends again.

Jolty asked Sereinae if she hates Okina. She doesn't hate her, believing Okina can be reliable and understanding at times, but sometimes she pities her, doesn't stand for how
she treats her subordinates for less than humans, and she honestly doesn't want to become like them, and obey her again. 
She added if Mai and Satono were to work for her in her inn somehow, she'd go easy on them, as she's more of a leader than a boss.

Jolty wanted to somehow reward Sereinae for her efforts on Séléné, efforts that Serei merely calls "nomal thing to do as a future therapist", but that's a story for another time.

---

The following arcs are not related to Gensokyo, but take place after all the previous arcs. They focus on the biggest changes or reveals on Jolty and Sereinae.

Jolty's New Body Arc:

Sereinae after a while was becoming tired to do everything in her house alone, with Jolty around not being able to do anything to help. She wished then that he had a human body to help.
She supposed that if her body could host Jolty, then maybe an empty body could as well, only this time Jolty would have free control.

Jolty responded that it would not be okay to just steal someone else's body to do it, and to that Sereinae agrees. He wasn't against the idea of having a human body, after all that time, deep inside, having a body in starts missing him, in that world.
He also wishes to become the one who is the most reliable among the two, and make Sereinae the one he'd protect and look after. His abilities granted to her, for both offense and defense, are one proof of that wish.
It is a wish made also to be more secure about himself, and make that a reward for Serei's efforts for Séléné as well. 

At first they asked people if someone is known to create "artificial bodies" in this city, although they didn't find any answer about it. Afterwards they asked in Gensokyo, but it's back to square one.
It would take long until they find an effective way to create one, gathering as much info and help as they can to make things possible, or understand the whole thing at the very least.
In the case everything failed, they'd get someone more experimented to do it for them.

Sereinae then saw Jolty alongside a body that looked artificial. Sereinae wondered how he found one, or why he hasn't talked about it sooner.
Jolty then responded that he just imagined one and, poof, one ended up appearing, not knowing how it was possible in the first place. But if there was something he knew, is that he felt desperate.
Serei thought about how crazy it sounded, but believes him, sensing that he's not lying. Sereinae made the outfit for that body, more or less based on The Other Jolty's.
Afterward she made a beanie for him, based on a certain protagonist's design that he likes. It was a spiky beanie with a black band, on which there are two white spots, meant to refer to his spirit form. He wears it during winter.

Despite having this new appearance, Jolty would spend most of his time outside with his hood up, probably because he isn't quite used to his new human appearance, and is too bashful about showing his face at all time. 
Sereinae accepts this behavior, but thinks it is no good in front of people that would suspect him of being part of some sort of criminal organization for example just because of that hood.

Both were embarassed looking at each other, Sereinae in front of a man, and Jolty looking at what he became in front of her, 
But she recognized him with his everyday attitude, got used to it, and ended up preferring him that way,
while he realized this new appearance represents what he truly is: a human person, not just a mere spirit-like orb.

Regrarding the help she could get from Jolty, she's going easy on him at the moment, until he gets used to aiding her on his own. 
It took time for Jolty to get used to controlling his own body like it was natural. He loses balance easily and has trouble getting up in a second for example, so Sereinae took things with patience.
He mentioned it was as if he was an old man being helped by his granddaughter. He shook that idea off, he can't stay frail and weak forever, especially if he wants to stay true to his will to be useful.
While Sereinae fondly appreciates his efforts, sometimes this worries her. She doesn't want him to be overworked because of her, so she tells him to go easy.

Jolty now has a new body, he has one reason less to stay with Sereinae, but, after all the time they spent together, and the fact she still needs him, he decided to stay anyways. 
They really formed a relationship after all that time, and Sereinae has stopped taking him for her pet much before he gained his body. They felt like they don't need any reason to stay together anyways.
He pointed out that with his new body, Sereinae can't use the fighting abilities from him that she uses in case she wanted to go travel outside of their world. 
He initially suggested to teach her to defend herself in case he can't be there to help her, but Serei disagrees, and would still like to rely on him a bit.
Jolty then thought of giving Sereinae some of the combat abilities he usually grants her, that she can activate with the hairclip she wears on her headband. He can't really do more than this for her, and, for now.

Jolty is often a slacker, but with an actual human body, he felt the need to a job of his own to provide for both of their needs and give Sereinae some well deserved rest, but doesn't know what he wants to become yet.
Sereinae isn't in a hurry about him, but she wants to ask if there's something he liked as a child and still likes now.

And, Sereinae sometimes doubts about her studies, being at times worried that she might, as a therapist, feel too much of the negative emotions of the patients she'd meet for example. She even reflected on how naive she was as a child. 
Jolty encourages her to not give up yet, that she has one last year left, saying that whatever she learns can still do wonders in practice at times, even if she can't make it a job. 
He's convinced of that, knowing how that she helped both himself and Séléné. Serei jokingly pointed the irony out that this time Jolty is the one cheering her up.

The Truth about Jolty's powers:

The sudden apparition of Jolty's body had him ask questions about himself: "Where did it come from if no one could create one? Was it God's Hand dropping the body like that?" he wondered.

While talking about various subjects with Serei, Jolty notes that the other worlds he visited are known as medias in this world, and wondered how they could visit them.
He also noticed their storytellings don't include the two of them, making himself ask questions about what the versions of these worlds with them in those are, if those are different.

He felt the need to talk to his Other Self, the last one left, but the only thing he got from him is that he should "try to imagine something".
So he first tried to imagine a chocolate bar, but it didn't really work, taking a somewhat blurry shape, but not a very physical one.
His Other Self just answered "Not hard enough, gotta think harder!" before going away without another word.

He then tried to experiment with his powers until he got a clear idea of what his ability allows him to do.
He imagined with all his mind many objects, and some of them got a clear physical and real shape.

Sereinae then guessed he imagined his own body, thinking hard enough about it, and it popped there, but maybe his emotional state mattered too.
In the meantime, Jolty also remembered that he once imagined this world before, in its details, and that he suddenly ended up in its Center, but had to deal with his new form unfortunately.

Sereinae then concluded that this world might be the fruit of his imagination. She was quick to guess that his power could be on the same level, if not exceed that of a Sage of Gensokyo, 
Jolty remembered that he felt a strong will when he created this world, and supposed that maybe that's all he needed. 

This left him wondering if the worlds they've visited are the fruit of his imagination too or if they're something else. They cannot be the real ones, they're definitely copies.
Sereinae didn't feel quite good about it, the thought of the people she met not being real is heartbreaking, but then she also wondered if that really matters.

The Other Jolty appeared again, congratulating them for figuring it out by themselves, finding Jolty so ignorant about it that he had to give him a "spark".

He asked Jolty how it feels to be the "God of the Dream City" now that he's aware that he has created the world he lives in. He tells him that as a sort of Divine Spirit, 
he could be praised inhabitants of the city, and that Sereinae would fit the role of his priestess. Sereinae looked at her hairclip and immediatly thought about Sanae's.

Jolty remembered what Reimu said about him being a divine spirit. At first he thought it was a misconception, but she was maybe right.
Although Sereinae likes this idea for her hobby, Jolty still isn't too enthusiastic about the fact he might be a God of the world he lives in, much to his Other Self's disappointment.
Besides, he supposes anyone could create a world out of their imagination, therefore become a so-called god of that world.

He wondered why he imagined himself as viewed as creepy.
Maybe it's because it's how he views himself as, and he doesn't want to see himself as being praised too easily by people all around.
Yet he hoped that in a world full of people giving him the cold shoulder, one would give him a warm welcome.
He assumed he didn't want to lie about what he truly is, that is to say, a dull and ordinary human, inside.

Sereinae wanted to poke his nose for overthinking, and that's where the Other Jolty cut them off, telling that both of them are literally living a power fantasy and that this or any other world can be his playground if he wants.
This interested Jolty, but at the same time, he also wondered if he belonged to a world he would call 'fictional', and besides his conscience wouldn't allow him to bring chaos to this world, 
so he'd rather want to watch over the city and bring his input when he feels the need to.

Jolty didn't want to see himself as the creator of the people around him, so he wants to see the inhabitants be naturally born, instead of being just figments of his imagination.
Therefore both him and Sereinae do not see Sereinae as a figment of Jolty's imagination, and wished this whole creation from imagination was a tall tale, despite reality telling otherwise. 

He discussed about this with Sereinae, who was quick to poke him in the nose, again, reminding him that she is real, standing here right in front of him.
She thinks that he's fine living his life here, and that him going away while having someone who cares about him and that he cares about would be very sad if not selfish, and that
her experiences in her life matter more than how she came to life, and that's something she told to Séléné.

He thought that his power, while it allows him to have the time of his life taking this world for his sandbox kind of space can be fun. 
This proves the Other Jolty right, about power fantasy... But Sereinae? She thinks it's all in good fun.
But when it comes to the Dream City? This power makes it one big responsibility and that he should put it to good use.

Jolty could also just imagine themselves as the richest people of the world, with lots of money, or just enough to live, but still feels the need for himself or his thoughts and opinions to be useful 
or important to the people around him. Something his other self claims as nothing more than the need for his ego to be satisfied.

Jolty has got an idea where he can become an electricity provider with his abilities. They thought this would be too ambitious for him, so he will have to practice in some way to become an infinite power source. 
He also got the idea that he might be able to use his powers to help build things like roads, buildings, and other infrastructures in the Dream City, or anything else around it, revealing it's also a hobby of his of imagining a public transit.

He has to learn how to sell himself well as a freelance, and find a way to make his ideas a reality.
Sereinae, as one who likes travelling around the city, likes that idea, can't wait to see and support what he can do, and thus roots for him to try his best. 
She would also teach him one thing or two about how to be a freelance worker, and about physics.

And regarding the other worlds, Jolty didn't want to remove the charm of the original thing, so he prefers not messing with those too much, but still, his and Sereinae's curiosity will
push them to be meddlesome in affairs that shouldn't be theirs.

He joked once that he'd make great rivals with the Moriya Shrine if he was able to produce energy all by himself for Gensokyo. Honestly speaking, it's not worth the effort, he has his own world to provide to.
But there's a possibility that the Moriya Shrine would use his powers as a source of energy, like they did with Utsuho Reiuji, and cold fusion. In the case this was to happen, Jolty just said "it depends".
With Jolty's plan, there would be no more need for Serei to rely on her parents's money or the sales of clothes, He now thinks she deserves some rest for taking care of both at home, it's his time to return the favor and become a provider too.