Stage 5 Boss - Sereinae Replica:

Spell 1 - Easy/Normal :
Ability Card "Miracle Mallet"
Spell 1 - Hard/Lunatic :
Ability Card "Bountiful Miracle Mallet"

Enemies get summoned on Sereinae's sides. They fire stars on their path and their attack gets denser with time. 
Killing them causes them to halt their attack and drop money, in item and danmaku.

Spell 2 - Easy/Normal :
Ability Card "Gale Geta"
Spell 2 - Hard/Lunatic :
Ability Card "Graceful Gale Geta"

Sereinae dashes on the sides while shooting many fast and colored arrowheads.
Her movement is always the same, take advantage of that, and don't freak out!

Spell 3 - Easy/Normal :
Ability Card "Great Tengu's Barley Rice"
Spell 3 - Hard/Lunatic :
Ability Card "Great Tengu's Delicious Barley Rice"

Many enemies come from towards the sides, and Sereinae eats them, making her shoot lasers in the process.
They drop one power item each. You can prioritize killing enemies or shooting Sereinae down.

Spell 4 - Easy/Normal/Hard/Lunatic :
Back Sign "The Shadow Behind Your Back"

Sereinae moves down and makes herself unable to be damaged directly. 
Some enemies come in from above, and killing them deals damage to her, little by little.

Spell 5 - Easy/Normal/Hard/Lunatic :
Reality Shift "Lurking Rainbow Stars of Hindrance"

Sereinae dives further down, first surrounding the scren with stars that attack you the top, the sides, the bottom, back to the sides, and then back up.
The pace slightly gets increased with time, and the bullets are aimed, be careful!

Extra Stage Midboss - Sereinae Replica :

Spell1 :
Book Sign "Quick Sentence Reading"

Grey paper and blue glowy bullets fall down, quite straightforward.

Spell2 :
Star Sign "Rainbow-colored Star Refraction"

A star-shaped rings closes in from outside the screen, the bullets bounce back in and then go outwards.
Each time the bullets speed changes, their color changes. In total, the bullets change into each color of the rainbow.

Spell3 :
Mirror Link "Spirit, Magic, Elements, and Miracles"

Sereinae's attacks here change according to the player character. 
Reimu's version has a yinyang-shaped wave which spreads out. Marisa has white stars scattered all around the screen which fly away once they turn blue.
Sakuya's version is based on Patchouli, in which salvos of green paper are sent towards the bottom, spring upwards then fall down, followed by fast falling yellow arrowheads, spirals of fire balls, and drops of rain-like bullets.
Note that they're initially fired as paper bullets before transforming into such bullets.
Sanae's version has Serei fly in a pentagram-shaped trajectory, leaving trails of blue stars in her wake. Those blue stars turn into blue amulets.