Stage 5 Midboss - Sereinae Replica:

Spell - Normal/Hard :
Book Sign "Maze of a Hundred Pages"

Serei scatters book pages over the place that bounce on the screen twice. The red pages are aimed towards you.

Spell - Lunatic :
Book Sign "Maze of a Thousand Pages"

Serei scatters even more pages over the screen, reading their movements can be pretty tough.

Spell - Overdrive :
Book Sign "Maze of a Million Pages"

The screen gets so flooded with so many pages that keeping track of the enemy becomes very tough.

Stage 5 Boss - Sereinae Replica:

Spell 1 - Easy/Normal :
Gun Sign "Sharp Shooting"

Serei dashes from the sides of the screen while sniping at you, then decides to hinder your movement as she still shoots at you.

Spell 1 - Hard/Lunatic :
Gun Sign "Relentless Sharp Shooting"

This time, the bullets she shoots at you are way faster and the corridor restrcting your movement appears more suddenly. Be on your guard when the latter happens.

Spell 2 - Easy/Normal :
Moon Sign "Berserk of the Rear Face"

Serei dashes little by little towards you while unleashing shockwaves at you, then backs off while still shooting. Don't panic and keep moving aside when needed.

Spell 2 - Hard/Lunatic :
Moon Sign "Merciless Furies of the Back"

Serei dashes towards you more frequently, making the breaks shorter and keep your breath longer. This is still no reason to make you lose your cool, right?

Spell 3 - Easy/Normal :
Illusion Sign "Mirage Circle"
Spell 3 - Hard/Lunatic :
Illusion Sign "Concealed in Four Book Barriers"

While summoning a meteor storm, Serei hides herself in four paper-made barriers, teleports thirteen times, ultimately stays in one ring, warns you before unleashing massive paper waves, destroying whoever stays outside of the ring she remains in.

Spell 4 - Easy/Normal/Hard/Lunatic :
Shotlock "Starry Hindrance"

Serei locks your position on and scatters stars around you that bounce back down, while harrassing you with cards and restricting your movement with butterflies. The position at which the cards spawn depends the position you were at when the first set of cards (coming from above) aimed at you.
Don't forget the cards bounce off the borders of the screen as well.

Spell 4 - Overdrive :
"The Ultimate, Absolute Skill Rush"

Serei calls upon all of her skills one by one as the stars that bounce down get way denser and the cards that aim at you aim back at the same time, making the confusion even bigger.
This is Serei's ultimate skill as a human who acts independently from the Secret God.

Spell 5 - Hard/Lunatic :
Time Link "Endure the Imperishable Flow of Time"

Sereinae takes a defensive position, enduring her enemy's attacks in order to wear them down, while as time goes on, the glowing bullets turn from blue, to teal, to green... Don't take the wrong gaps, aka the ones that get occupied by a glowing bullet, and anticipate when said bullets come.

Stage 6 Midboss - Sereinae Replica:

Spell - All difficulties :
"Starry Sky of Lingering Desires"

Sereinae's desires and wishes linger through this time-based spell card. Nothing can be done except wait until she disappears for good.
She has yet to be aware that the Crown Prince she's been talking about has an obscure connection with the one who created her...