Just so you get what's going on without relying on the ingame dialogue I have yet to make. Also, despite my decent english level, there can be some gramatical errors... Please don't be a grammar nazi. =<
Each incident takes place after the one corresponding to each game.

Th15 : Gensokyo is getting darker and Nonamé went to Eientei being sick and told Eirin she thinks she became ill because someone in Noname's world uses the impurity in someone as an offense, 
but doesn't remember who, and asked Reisen to give that improved Elixir to the protagonists to deal with this incident to set things right. 

Stage 1 :
The protagonists went through the Door Road to ask Mushroom XIII what's going on. After testing them, it told them it doesn't have a clue, but led them to the pure lanes between worlds.

Stage 2 :
The protagonists went wandering through the lanes between and met a glitch, coming directly from the corruption from the World that Never Was, it fought them instictively, but lost and indicated to go further.

Stage 3 :
As they went further through the lanes between, they met Anti Black Coat, who wanted them to fear his true powers as a Nightmare, which he can master due to someone's defeat. He got defeated and the protagonists went on.

Stage 4 :
They went to the World That Never Was, where they met a phantom apparition of Reimu, who is a personification of her cold and unfriendly side. She attacked them using cursed versions of Reimu's techniques, lost, and afterwards,
as Reimu's heart is innocent enough, she told them to learn the truth about what's going on by going on the dark lanes around the castle, she told them she doesn't know that much, she has just appeared from someone's dark perceptions.

Stage 5 :
As they go through the Dark Lanes around the Castle, they met Xenamon, who wanted to make the fairies go crazy on them to test them for good. After they passed, he asked them why they're here, and they answered they only cared about Gensokyo and
they had enough of Noname. As this infuriated Xenamon, he told them they don't realize where he is now, and that he's hurting for putting everyone in danger, and he tells the protagonists it's way time now they learn what real hurt feels like.
He lost, and told the protagonists to finish him off, thinking they don't want those people from this castle to exist anymore. They didn't attack him, he asked why and guesses it's useless to destroy something if it never existed, as such as a Nobody.
The protagonists answered that's otherwise. They felt some sharp pain coming from Xenamon, and didn't wanted to finish him off, but instead wanted to take care of him. He answered he has nowhere to go, he could simply go away and join his original, who's missing. 
He showed the protagonists the way to the Keyblade Graveyard, and went off.

Stage 6 :
As the protagonists went through the Keyblade Graveyard, they found a black coat with some familiar patterns on it, lying on the ground with a Keyblade before it. It introduced itself as the Nameless Will asked them why they're here. They answered wanted to get rid of the incident caused in Gensokyo.
It understood why, but told them that's the wrong way. It also told them he has some contempt towards a Xehanort, and compassion towards the protagonists. It asked them how many times they died, it recognized it lost if the protagonists didn't die once, or tells them
they can't win. Either way, the coat wanted to make them feel the pure contempt he has towards this Xehanort and fought them. He at the end admitted defeat and layed on the ground again.

Afterwards, Nonamé told them this coat is made of Noname's discarded thoughts, and that his real self got possesed by the actual Xehanort. The Nameless Duo wanted to get rid of Xehanort for the protagonists by getting in the Keyblade Graveyard, where
Xehanort dwells. Nonamé has been forced to fight the Anti-Duo, and knew in Noname's mind that he wanted to finish Xehanort off, he felt some strong hatred towards him, his darkness overcame him and Xehanort possesed him, even if he had his black coat on, who removed the coat as he became Noname-Xehanort.
The coat arised and appeared as the Nameless Will, who then fought Xehanort, won, sent him flying and got exhausted. Now, Xehanort may want Gensokyo to sink into darkness for good to get rid of the youkais.

Ex Stage :
Gensokyo is now getting invaded by Nobodies who slained every fairies. and the Nightmare has been seen around. the protagonists went up the skies as they hear Noname's heart calling out to put an end to his possessed body, fought the Anti Black Coat Nightmare, and won. They noticed the incident isn't coming from it, and kept going on and saw an amnesiac Noname hovering.
He grabbed the protagonist and asked them who he is. They noticed how strong this dark aura is and him to fight it. But he attacks them when Xehanort's heart stirs, tells them Noname's heart has
been extinguished, smothered by the darkness within him, and decided to fight the protagonists, as they told him who they are, either Reimu, Marisa, Sanae or Reisen, they fight him off as Noname's heart struggles within.

Battle points that can't be modded into the game but that are still there story-wise :
- As the fight went on, the protagonists were transported in a light realm at the 4th and 8th nonspells, in which they fight the Guardian representing Noname's darkness. 
- Noname-Xehanort summoned his Guardian upon the 5th nonspell and launched way powerful versions of his previous attacks.

Upon defeat, Noname's heart tried to gain control, but as a desperate attempt to get rid of him, the frustrated Xehanort tried to turn his Keyblade against him, only to fall from heights with his shadowy other.
As he fell, the protagonists tried to catch him and seal Xehanort's heart with Reimu's amulets. Noname had then to sleep in Eientei to receive proper care.
The protagonists would forgive him, as he wasn't the one wanting to destroy this world, but Xehanort. Gensokyo's darkness vanished, but Noname was still unstable, and had to wear his Black Coat whose orange marks disappeared, as long as he wanders in Gensokyo, to avoid being threatened by youkai, said Eirin.

