Possible 4th Market Boss : Sereinae Létoile 
Species : Human
Ability : Agility coupled with thunder-elemental attacks.

For the sake of the context of her appearance, I'll elaborate more than Marisa did.

At first she didn't like the idea of the Black Market, finding it immoral, while she asked Reimu if it was this bad, she answered that she rather didn't care about it, and gave Sereinae her cards to give to whoever wins against her.
She climbed the Youkai Mountain for the first time, while having Jolty looking after her. They defeated the opponents in their way, until they arrived at the Moriya Shrine, where the festivities took place.
Although the tengu were quite the challenge for them, Jolty reminded Serei that they should be quiet to the villagers about their little trip. They don't want the tengu to have even less humans to fear them. 
Serei was proud of what she did anyways, yet made sure to have the tengu know that they were just passing by, after taking what Jolty said into consideration.

The previous incident wasn't that big of a deal in the end, and everyone seemed to enjoy the Black Market without things going too far, so, with Jolty's advice, Sereinae decided to not act, rather to enjoy the atmosphere of the festivities, while Marisa did all the work. 
Sereinae in the end became aware of who organized the market thanks to what Marisa told her. She also mentioned that she fought Takane even though she already surrendered, which made Jolty ask if this fight was necessary at all.

Sereinae guessed people in Gensokyo can fight for any reason and get away with that, and getting in someone's way just to spar isn't something bad. Sanae was right when she said there was next to no common sense in Gensokyo.
The Black Markets weren't really bad in the end so, they decided to participate instead of just watching.

If Sereinae and Jolty had an in-game ability card, one would be the "Spirit Lightning Rush", shared between the two. An equipment card that would give the user the ability to deal damage to enemies on contact while moving unfocused. Risk vs. reward card 
that allows to get rid of nearby enemies that barely shoot any bullet for example. Equipping more cards allows more damage to be dealt, almost guaranteeing the kill for big fairies.
The other would be the "Jolt Orb", another equipment card that gives the user the ability to shoot spread stars similar to those from the th16 Létoile mod.