Just so you get what's going on without relying on the ingame dialogue I have yet to make. Also, despite my decent english level, there can be some gramatical errors... Please don't be a grammar nazi. =<
Each incident takes place after the one corresponding to each game.

Th11 :
There's some abnormal heat around the Hakurei Shrine. The protagonists wonder where this comes from, and could only guess Noname's world.

Stage 1 :
The protagonists meet Mushroom XIII, who challenges them with the power of demonic flames and illness. But, once defeated it told them to keep going on.

Stage 2 :
This time, they had to dive into a cloud path to access the world, and they meet the Anti Black Coat again, who showed them the power of jealousy, only to lose.

Stage 3 :
Once they reached the bottom of the path, they ended up in Radiant Garden at night, as they keep going, they meet Mushroom V, one mushroom who likes to eat and drink and abuse its power, it wanted to challenge the protagonists, but after it got defeated,
it showed an entrance towards the Cavern of Remembrance.

Stage 4 :
In Cavern of Remembrance, the protagonists met a red mushroom who's unlike any others, as it likes using dark spirits and wears purple marks on its clothing. Once it flew away, they meet Noname, who didn't wanted them to get involved this time as he told them it's too dangerous.
The protagonists told him they had to go through Hell once and they'll be okay. Noname wanted to know if it's true and challenged them via bringing recollections of their youkai partners, but got defeated, and wishes them good luck with their dodging endeavors.
He led them to the Burning Castle That Never Was.

Stage 5 :
The castle is on fire, and the source of it must be at the bottom. The dark mushroom turned into Antinitas, who tells them he corrupted Nonamé, but he won't let them get any closer and fought them, and lost.

Stage 6 :
As the protagonists get warmer, they meet Antinitas who told them that's not of their concern, but got defeated at last. At the very bottom, they meet Nonamé, who wields a Keyblade that's named Bond of Flame, which has the same abilities as some hell raven's
third leg, This Keyblade must be the source of that incident, and the protagonists have to destroy it. As Nonamé told them that Keyblade can't be destroyed, they engaged a fierce battle, and both lost. The protagonists had to get out of the area and Nonamé
just overflowed.

Ex Stage :
The incident seems to be gone, but the protagonists took a look at Transport to Remembrance, and meet the real Sanae, who tells them she went around training here and the protagonists were a target. She got defeated.
They meet then Nonamé who seemed to have become normal, and tells them nobody lost, but the protagonists tell her that they didn't win either, and they have to get revenge on Nonamé. She accepts and fights them.
Once defeated, she admits even using the subconcious powers is a good thing, but not for battle, and she's already glad the shrine maiden or the magician lost once, even if she didn't win. Suwako suddenly showed up, as she was just checking if Sanae's training was going well. 
And the protagonists told her they beat her. Suwako then tells them that's okay, she's only getting started, but one day she'll outmatch the protagonists.