Just so you get what's going on without relying on the ingame dialogue I have yet to make. Also, despite my decent english level, there can be some gramatical errors... Please don't be a grammar nazi. =<
Each incident takes place after the one corresponding to each game.

Th16 : The seasons were messed up in the World that Never Was. Eirin told them Noname also went home from Eientei.
Meanwhile, Reimu and Marisa wanted to see him again to see if he's alright, Aya wanted to make an interview about him, and Cirno wanted to meet this dude to see if he's strong.

Stage 1 :
The summer heat is taking over the grassy fields. The protagonists met a replica of Cirno associated with this heat. After beating her, they continued.

Stage 2 :
As they made their way to the Door Road, the fall season seems to be there suddenly as they get close to the Dark City, they meet a replica of Aya, who acts in a rude manner towards the protagonists and attacked them, lost and guided them to the castle.

Stage 3 :
Cherry trees have grown in the Castle that Never Was just like at the Hakurei Shrine, they meet Mushroom XI who greets them with flower danmaku, and falls in defeat.
Afterwards, they meet a replica of Reimu, who tried to tell them that someone is after that appearance of herself and the other clones, after testing them, she guided them to the skies.

Stage 4 :
The Reimu replica points the protagonists towards the winter skies of this world, they meet Antinitas who spawned a clone of Marisa, and fled. That same clone Marisa fought the protagonists, lost and a door appeared on her back.

Stage 5 :
The protagonists ended up at the Transport of Remembrance filled with doors reminding them of the worlds under the season incident. they meet Antinitas and Antinitasé who told them they
were spawning the clones, and fought the protagonists because this place is their home, and they don't want to be bothered. After being defeated, the two flew away.

Stage 6 :
There's a door leading to the Doors of Remembrance World. They meet Nonamé, who awaited them and told them they still didn't notice they were still using those season powers and that trap is going to make them lose. 
As she wanted to win for sure against Reimu and Marisa, and as a favor for Sanae and Reisen, she made sure they can't escape. Aya and Cirno just wanted to know what this "moon" rabbit is capable of with those powers. Reisen used her powers and the book she's holding to make illusions out of their memories,
making them visiting the seasonal places of these same memories, and they lost because of her book to steal their powers and she then backdoored them.

Afterwards, she felt satisfied but sorry, but Reimu and Marisa enjoyed this battle and forgave her as she could win for once.
Sanae came along and told them if they want to revenge on someone, it's surely Noname. They just took the border between seasons as they assume he will use the powers that god sage uses.

Ex Stage : 
The protagonists meet the Anti-Duo again at the Transport to Remembrance, and as they were bothered, they fought the protagonists and lost again.
They meet the hooded faceless Noname who's expecting a rematch on him. They say he's correct, and claims that he can use this seasonal power again to win. 
But the protagonists told him they were gonna use the border between seasons to win. Noname said that this could be a possibility, he then opened his book which once upside down reveals a door, and attacks them, as he wants them to make it so he pays for Nonamé's unfair victory against them, but this time, with the back door powers, 
thinking of a merciless and vicious battle. He then lost and kind of accepts that. he explained he wanted to make both Reisen and Sanae look less like of losers for missing the last incident caused by Okina. Nonamé told "Maybe this time, I'll win and for both of you!", and she just did, but the fact they avenged themselves on Noname was what he has planned and is enough for the protagonists, 
as he wanted to be the show off with the famous shooting from behind. He also explained Okina let her use her backdoor powers to freely move to Gensokyo without damaging the border.
He still has to seek for another half to look like someone.

Afterwards he went to Eientei and Reisen just told him to go home, as she thinks he had enough for today.
