Just so you get what's going on without relying on the ingame dialogue I have yet to make. Also, despite my decent english level, there can be some gramatical errors... Please don't be a grammar nazi. =<
Each incident takes place after the one corresponding to each game.

Th07:
The protagonists were asked by a Mushroom XIII to help them take care of a dangerous incident that has happened in their world, and even told them this might affect Gensokyo. The protagonists answered "Okay we believe you!".

Stage 1 :
The protagonists went through the same door as before, in which it's abnormally cold, because there isn't supposed to be any special climate in it, They meet Vexen, who manipulates ice and who intended in the first place to lead them to the source of the incident.

Stage 2 :
As they go through some door at the end of that road, they ended up in a weird dark city, where everything makes no sense and is desolate, they meet Anti Black Coat Nightmare, who tells them this city becomes weird when some hearts need some help, but he
then tells his role wasn't to let anyone pass, as usual, and became sort of crazy, as the Nightmare moved by spinning instead of floating normally, but was then vanquished.

Stage 3 :
They ended up in some plain at night, and met Alice once again, but once she has been defeated, she told them she's just an illusion and that they should head to the skies, before she vanishes.

Stage 4 :
As they go up in the sky, they meet a hooded, who attacked them without saying a word, and lured them afterwards.
The protagonists ended up in the front of a huge castle that doesn't seem to be the one they visited previously. They met Nonamé, Noname... and Xenamon, a Nobody, who doesn't even know what he is doing here, and then they remembered that they had to stop
the shrine maiden and her friends to get to that castle, and after a long fight, they surrender and vanish...

Stage 5 :
As they made their way in that castle, they meet Marluxia, the hooded figure from previously, who was rather mad at the fact they managed to make their way here, he says this castle has the effect of making somebody lose their memories, but as the protagonists remember what they're doing here,
they said out loud they want to find the source of an incident. As Marluxia seems to know something, he hides it by fighting with them and then flees.

Stage 6 :
As Marluxia flees through some space with blue background, he tells them not to get in his way, and has been defeated.
...Or was he ? He just reappeared in front of the protagonists, congratulating them for being able to defeat him more than once, but what they just fought was merely an illusion of him, and then tells them he planned to make Gensokyo his, by manipulating the Gap Youkai's
memories. Everything is clear now, and the protagonists had one thing to do : defeat the culprit! And as they thought again they did it, a shadow known as an Absent Silhouette told them to perish in darkness, only to vanish with time flowing.

Extra Stage :
The Anti Black Coat has been seen around the Hakurei Shrine, but no one knows why exactly, and he just came back through the same corridor near the shrine. The protagonists went through this corridor and ended up in the Transport to Remembrance, having taken the
appearance of the Badlands and the main path having become stairs. They meet Anti Black Coat again, he told them he became way stronger, and then has been defeated. Only to end up on the Antinitas Remnants, who told them the Nightmare is a friend of his, but as he took his
pounding from the protagonists, the remnants decided to engage them in battle using shikigami techniques and lost. He pretends some boy with white hair has brought Ansem, and then vanished.

Phantasm Stage :
The protagonists found their way into the Path to the Sanctum of Time, following tired remnants, who tells them not to approach. After being defeated, the protagonists meet the Young Xehanort yet again, telling them it his plan was to do what he's destined to do, and this was
making Gensokyo sink into darkness. The protagonists interrupts him and tells him No Heart lied about being responsible for Ansem's appearance. As this angered the protagonists, they wanted to make sure those threats cease to exist for good, and attacked the boy,
who acquired the Gap Youkai's techniques and the ability to stop time from her arcanum. Once vanquished he couldn't do anything but go back to his era, and bid them farewell.
