Just so you get what's going on without relying on the ingame dialogue I have yet to make. Also, despite my decent english level, there can be some gramatical errors... Please don't be a grammar nazi. =<
Each incident takes place after the one corresponding to each game.

Th16 : Reisen went missing and the seasons were messed up in the World that Never Was. Eirin told them Noname also went home from Eientei, and asks them a favor to look for Reisen, assuming she has something to do with Noname.
Meanwhile, Reimu and Marisa wanted to see him again to see if he's alright, Aya wanted to make an interview about him, and Cirno wanted to meet this dude to see if he's strong.

Stage 1 :
The summer heat is taking over the grassy fields. The protagonists met Mushroom XIII, who tests them with some bug powers, lost and guided them to the Dark City.

Stage 2 :
As they made their way to the Door Road, the fall season seems to be there suddenly as they get close to the Dark City, they meet the Anti Black Coat, who's frustrated about Xehanort's failure, and attacks the protagonists. After he lost, Aya and Cirno don't get it, but the Nightmare didn't want to tell more about this.

Stage 3 :
Cherry trees have grown in the Castle that Never Was just like at the Hakurei Shrine, they meet Mushroom XI who greets them with flower danmaku, and falls in defeat.
Afterwards, they meet Nonamé, who tells them she's fine, and wants to greet them with some good danmaku battle as always. After that, she told them she knows nothing about the seasons and doesn't know where Reisen has gone either, and she says that's weird since she's able to connect her mind to him.

Stage 4 :
Nonamé points the protagonists towards the winter skies of this world, they meet Antinitas who summoned Mushroom VIII to stop them, he then went off. The mushroom stopped them and used fire techniques to stop the protagonists, he lost.

Stage 5 :
The protagonists ended up at the Transport of Remembrance filled with doors reminding them of the worlds under the season incident. they meet Antinitas and Antinitasé who told them they have no purpose, and fought the protagonists because this place is their home, and they
don't want to be bothered. After being defeated, the two flew away.

Stage 6 :
There's a door leading to the Doors of Remembrance World. They meet at last Reisen, who awaited them and told them they didn't notice they were still using those season powers and that trap is going to make them lose. She wore a replica of Sanae's outfit as a way to remember her.
As she wanted to win for sure against Reimu and Marisa, as a favor for Sanae, she made sure they can't escape. Aya and Cirno just wanted to know what this "moon" rabbit is capable of with those powers. Reisen used her powers and the book she's holding to make illusions out of their memories,
making them visiting the seasonal places of these same memories, and they lost because she used Noname's book to steal their powers and she then backdoored them.

Reisen went back to Gensokyo, she felt satisfied and sorry, but Reimu and Marisa enjoyed this battle and forgave her, even if they couldn't win. They asked who gave her that power, she asked it was Noname, he wanted her to see if she can master a power that's not her own. Why did he choose her ?
Because he likes how cheerful and interested she is, and that is why he invited her. Sanae came along and told them if they want to revenge on someone, it's surely Noname, as he told her that. They just took the border between seasons as they assume he will use the powers that god sage uses.

Ex Stage : 
The protagonists meet the Anti-Duo again at the Transport to Remembrance, and as they were bothered, they fought the protagonists and lost again.
They meet Noname who's expecting a rematch on him because Reisen won against them. They say he's correct, but then they ask how could he invite Reisen. He feels embarrassed, but he just tells them she accepted to come in. As Noname is expecting a rematch, he claims that he can use this seasonal power again to win. 
But the protagonists told him they were gonna use the border between seasons to win. Noname said that this could be a possibility, he then opened his book which once upside down reveals a door, and attacks them, re-introducing himself as being Reisen Udongein Inaba, as he wants them to make it so he pays for Reisen's unfair victory against them, but this time, with the back door powers, 
thinking of a merciless and vicious battle. He then lost and kind of accepts that. he explained he wanted to thank Reisen and Eirin for taking care of him and make both her and Sanae look less like of losers for missing the last incident caused by Okina. He told her "Maybe this time, you're the one who's gonna win and show them who's boss!", and she just did, but the fact they avenged themselves on Noname was what he has planned and is enough for the protagonists, 
as he wanted to be the show off with the famous shooting from behind. He also explained Okina let her use her backdoor powers to freely move to Gensokyo without damaging the border.